I cant anymoreI'm almost 18 years old , i have been through a lot since I was born, my father was a drug addict and an alcoholic, he used to beat me and my mom, but we runned away from home.
Im supposed to go to the university this year but my grades are so shit that I can't even get in my fifth choice . I'm shit . I just wanted my mum had a better son . I relieve love her and I just want her to be happy . But I can't do anything . I hate myself and wanna quit from everything .Why do so many people in this world work to prevent suicide?Surely they are blocking the natural process of life and death? The natural flow of energy from the Sun and it's dissipation into the cosmos - of which we sit in the middle?

"Life is nothing but an electron looking for a place to rest." —Nobel Prize-winning physiologist Albert Szent-Györgyi.

Surely being told there is something wrong with us for wanting a peaceful death (off switch) is selfish by those who try to block us from our desires? There should be a humane and recognized lawful method (process) to commit 'suicide' where we are not branded as 'ill' or 'wrong' ?
I never want to do it, but I think of waysI am scared of the way I think. Yet it comforts me to think of ways to die; I'm always fantasizing that something would just kill me. I think of places I can just die alone and no one will find me. This illusion of comfort that at least I can choose when I die is a strange comfort. But I am scared of the pain. I hope I die quicklywhy god? why me?i just want to be happy. why can't i be happy. i could never kill myself. what am i supposed to do? live in this awful body for the rest of my life? jesus can someone run me over or just shoot me please im begging please. I have no purposeIm not depressed or anything I just feel like everyone hates me. I dont understand why, I have a boyfriend, a family, friends... I just don’t feel like they would care if I was gone because I serve no purpose to anyone or anything. I just exist and I’ll never stand out from the crowd in a positive way, I think I’m better off being dead because I’m living a purposeless life full of people that wouldn’t even care if I died, nobody actually cares what I have to say they just pretend to like me.Don’t know if I should kill my self.I’ve been very sad over the past few days and don’t know if life is worth living at this point. I have no friends whatsoever outside of school, I don’t do anything all day and I feel like no one likes me. Sometimes I’m around people I’ve known for over 10 years and they make plans in front of me and act like I’m not even there. The only people I talk to are my parents and my brother and I don’t know if that’s enough. My brother has also moved out so I barely see him now. I’m not very good in school either and whatever I try to think that life will get better or looking at other posts I just say I have none of those things. Please comment and be serious.My cat keeps me from killing myselfI've been having suicidal thoughts for years. Summer is the worst time of year for me for some reason.  I feel  like a shitty mother because my son's birthday is in a couple of days. I owe 20,000 in child support, my husband doesn't want me to get a job and actively  discourages me from anything that will make me happy, and calls me stupid, which I know  I am, I don't need constant reminding, and I have court coming up,  which is triggering suicidal thoughts, I'm sitting here in a ball on the kitchen floor and my cat lays in my lap, and I think to myself, if I didn't have my cat,  I'd be dead by now. I'm AfraidI want to die and I'm ready to die, but I am afraid. I'm afraid that it will hurt. I'm afraid that I will live through it. I'm afraid that this will break my parents and I don't want to hurt them. 

But I am breaking and I don't want to be here anymore. I'm sick of this cycle. Going up and down like a fucking yo-yo. I know that if I do make it through this down I will go up. But I am so tired. Just so tired.Is it selfishSo people say it's selfish for someone to kill themselves but surely it's more selfish forcing someone to stay alive when they really don't want too and are tired of life. 

Things won't get better I've known that for years. People always tell you to do what makes you happy right? 

We didn't choose to be put into the  world so why can't we choose when we leave? 



I don’t feel depressed but i’m constantly having suicidal thoughtsI don’t know what the fuck to do. I really don’t think i’m depressed but i still want to die, i constantly feel like i don’t want to be alive and i think about hurting myself daily. I hate this i don’t want to be here anymoreAnybody else get so suicidal their chest hurts?Waiting to dieAdvise do not be a good person. People fuck you over. Those who say they love you realize that you are too good for them. Those who say your a good friend when they need you will not be around when your at your worst. Family yeah well once you leave home your not a worry. I can't wait to die.Holiday SuicideSuicide has been a thought for a while. If I were to do it it’d be on a holiday so my mother could have as shitty of a time as she made my holidays growing up. This life is pointless and a never-ending cycle of misery.Everyday... every single goddamn day I wish something could kill me. It's been over 6 months since this has started and nothing has changed for the better since then. Those of you who can deal with this for much longer than that have a strength that I could never possess.

&#x200B;

People keep constantly saying to "Don't give up," "Hang in there", or "Things will get better soon." How can they? How can I possibly believe that anymore. While there are good intentions behind those words, they feel meaningless and empty to me now. How can someone who doesn't have a single thing to look forward to or hope for everyday possibly believe things will get better? How can someone who frequently cuts his wrists while he's at work just to feel some kind of small relief to get through each agonizing day at work possibly believe in any of that?

&#x200B;

I just wish with all of my heart that I could just jump off the bridge semi-near where I live. I'm sure a 600 ft drop into water would do the job. Ironically, one of my biggest fears had to be heights. I wish I could gather the courage to finally dig that knife deep into my wrist and cut those arteries for good. I wish I had a gun and could blow my own worthless brains out. I wish i could gouge out my own heart and squeeze it until it stops beating so that it will stop hurting so much.

&#x200B;

My confidence is non-existent. I hate everything about myself. I'm a completely worthless and hideous man. I have no friends at all and there's no way in hell a woman would ever love someone as broken and ugly as me. In fact, I would be nothing but a huge emotional burden to her. I don't ever care about doing most things anymore. Video games have lost my interest. I'm losing more and more motivation to even go outside aside from work. I haven't touched my brand new piano keyboard in months. Even food just seems unappealing to me. I feel like I've been eating less and less because I just don't care anymore. No one knows me and no one cares about me. I've tried talking to people before but it's only made things worse. The only absolutely difference my death would make is that my work would just need to hire someone else to fill my position. That wouldn't even be hard in the first place since I'm such a worthless moron. That's all that would change then everyone's lives would continue as normal.

&#x200B;

I would gladly die in place of someone else who is actually living a fulfilling, productive life filled with friends, success, and especially a lover. Why should a person like that die when worthless me continues to live? At least that way, my life would have some kind of meaning in the end.

&#x200B;

So here I continue to wait, feeling slowly worse and worse and wishing everyday that these feelings become absolutely too much to bear. I want that day to come so soon and as soon as possible. Hopefully those crippling, depressing feelings would be enough to finally snap me out of my fear of both dying and of doing any of the methods of suicide. Yes I'm "hanging in there" like I always say to someone who asks how I'm doing. I'm hanging in there until I finally build up the courage and resolve to end myself while crying every single step of the way. Crying and wishing for peace of my worthless, useless mind.Fuck LifeIn my time at college I thought that I could find myself. I thought that I could change myself and create a better me but none of that is happening. I am nothing better than the person I was in Senior year. The same depression, stress, and anxiety has come back yet worse. Everyday feels like I need to make an effort to stay alive. Why is it so hard to find someone to talk to, why does no one help? Why am I always alone in this? I just want all of this pain to stop. I felt that I had hope for a period of time when I felt like I really liked a girl that I know here. But I know that I don't even have a godamned chance with her. She gave me hope for a while or maybe just a moment. I can never live for myself. Why would I live for someone I hate so much. As fast as that moment came, it is now gone. And here I am, empty, alone, trying to squeeze out some emotion that could maybe make myself better but I can't even cry anymore. I'm so tired of living everyday like this. I hope that this will all be over one way or the other. Today was one of the worst days of my life. There are more to come and I don't look forwards to meeting them. I'd rather just die. I'm so sorry for my family, and maybe the friends who might've given a shit if I told them . I can only wish things would change. Because to take action myself requires far too much willpower for me to do something for myself. I pray every night I won't wake up the next morning, and some mornings I'm pissed that I woke up and I hit the wall with my fist. Is this living or am I just already dead. I'm no better than being dead. I fucking hope I die because clearly, my purpose is gone, I don't want to wait for another purpose to pop up and just for that moment to vanish again.  I am looking for somebodyI had to delete and download this app again, but I forgot my password and username for my previous account, somebody I was friends with on my previous account will probably be on here, if the person is on here, they will know who I am.DefeatedI'm a bisexual male living in the middle east.

Over the last couple of months, my life has been in shambles.

From me being literally screamed at because people think I'm faking it to me having to nail my door shut, only to have it crushed hours later.

Even though I'm seeking help from a therapist and I've taken a break from school. I feel defeated by everyone around me. My family feel like strangers to me, they can't nor want to try and understand what's wrong with me. I suffer from Social anxiety, so I feel so alone. Having my heart beat faster every time I would look someone in the eye. Not being able to give a proper hello and goodbye to people. It all makes me feel pathetic when I see how everyone around me can do it so easily.

 I've already cut myself many times before...

I wish I had a gun so I would stop being feeling so pathetic...

I just don't feel like I belong anymore, when everyone will reject me for being who I am.

All these feelings go back 2 years ago, when I was talking to one of my friends about God. I was a teen, it was natural for me to encounter the God question. Yet somehow, someway someone heard our conversation and then the next day, the entire school I'm known as the heathen who betrayed his religion. I just can't help but dread those people's eyes when they looked at me, my soul being stabbed a thousand times over by people's stares. It continues to haunt me to this day, I always wonder what people will think of me once I disappear from their line of sight.Contemplating SuicideMy name is Jon, and I'm 28, and I'm suffering from suicidal thoughts.

It's been a rough 6 months. I was fired from my job in April and I've been living in my dad's basement. I have Bipolar 2 disorder and without insurance I haven't been able to buy any medication. I've slowly slipped into a deeper and deeper depressive episode, and I cannot find my way out. 

I'm also a drug addict, I used to abuse cocaine and adderall. I've since recovered but really all I did was switch out one drug for another. I smoke pot all the time now.

I suffer from extreme loneliness. I haven't dated anyone in 6 years. I can't remember what it feels like to have a significant other. I've tried dating, but it hasn't been very successful. A girl canceled a date on me today. That's fine, I don't blame her, I just don't have anyone to tell how sad and dissappointed I feel.

I used to be able to talk to my sister everyday, she was my main support figure, but after living with her for 6 years she has moved out and I no longer have a safe person to talk to on a regular basis.

I was institutionalized for a suicide attempt when I was 20, but I've suffered suicidal thoughts since I was 15 or 16. They were under control for years until maybe a couple weeks ago when they started to return in full force. It's hard for me to be functional day to day. I'm still unemployed so I don't have too much to worry about, but I still feel horrible.

I'm back in school, and that is going okay, but I feel discouraged on a daily basis. All of my friends have wives and they are successful. I'm alone and struggling to stay alive.  My roommate from college had a beautiful wedding in the mountains (I'm from Colorado) a couple weeks ago and while I was very happy for him I couldn't help but feel like my life will never lead to anything as happy and beautiful, his wedding triggered me in all the wrong ways and now I just want to die.

I sleep all the time and I don't want to be awake anymore. This isn't a cry for help. I'm screaming for help.Some advice.This isn't a throwaway. This is me. I run a small grooming company for men, I do all of the stuff myself if I can, I play video games, I hate social media. I'm clinically depressed. Have a stupid IQ that makes me a ringer for trivia teams. I grew up in foster care from age 10 on. I was molested by a 17 year old girl when I was 9, and by a Male counselor when I was 13. 

I want to pass on what is probably the best advice ever given to me by a man that I'll always remember for it.

"If your life sucks, change it." 

You are ultimately in the driver's seat. Your parents, friends, teachers, boss, love interest, who the fuck ever can try to tell you which way to go, but you're holding the steering wheel.

I've attempted suicide twice in my 38 years, last time was a decade ago. What happened both times? I came to with a purpose. Skip the bullshit, and just give yourself a purpose. 

Volunteer. Head to the animal shelter and be the best damn shit picker upper they've ever had. Head down the street to your 80 year old neighbors house and mow that lawn until it looks like a damned golf course. (Always follow the track you just made with the mower, and use something far away as a reference point to get the first line straight. Next week mow the opposite direction, it'll keep the grass from being trained to grow in one direction and give you those hashmarks) 
Get a fucking hobby if you have to, something constructive. Maybe something you can sell to support the hobby. I'm already making soap you ingrates. Dont just find something to fill your time, find something you can learn to be a rockstar at. Be a rockstar at being a rockstar. 


Give yourself a purpose, get your head on straight, and then allow people back into your life. 

6 years ago my little brother actually killed himself. You know what it fixed? Nothing. thought dumpdoes anybody else just feel fucking numb to life? everything i do good or bad doesn’t affect me at all, no matter how hard i try, no matter what goals i achieved, how hard i work, it literally doesn’t matter to me, what is the point of existing on this shit hole of a planet? everything has an end, this life we painfully live everyday will come to an end for everybody, what is the point in rotting away everyday on this earth to be a robot to the government from 9-5 when you cant even do as you please in this supposedly “short precious life”. as my mind widens more and more and i actually see things, it seems like my existence here is fucking pointlessVentingI live on the seventh floor and it seems so easy to just jump from the window. Like, this is probably one of the easiest ways to kill myself. No preparation needed. No risk of surviving with excruciating pain. However, it’s not easy to convince myself to do it when it’s hardcoded in our brains to not kill ourselves. Which is probably why I haven’t done it already.

What freaks me out is that when I first looked out of the window, about 8 months ago, all I thought was that the view was nice. Now it looks like an easy way out.

This is my first time living by myself. The suicidal thoughts are probably coming from isolation, lack of exercise, lack of sleep and an imbalanced diet. So I guess I should fix those things. It sounds so easy now. I’m also very calm now. About an hour since I really wanted to jump. But even though it sounds easy to fix those things now, I’m guessing I’ll never really be mentally and physically healthy for a long period of time. And I’ll probably give up. Oh, there it is. My pessimistic shitty fucking brain just made it seem impossible and even if I change for a day, I have to keep struggling every day after that as well to maintain the healthiness and what’s the point of struggling if you don’t even enjoy it and there’s no purpose to it other than to not kill yourself. Kinda the same shit isn’t it, either kill yourself or survive just to die at a later date. But I guess that later date means you get to do and experience more stuff. Oh, defensive survival instinct just kicked in, is this how it feels to be bipolar? I guess I’m good for now. Ugh

I’m also experiencing random rages. I have several wounds on my hand from smashing things. Actually they’re not entirely random, they have a reason. It’s just that I’m overreacting. I either hit something with my hand, throw something or scream. I almost snapped in public once, when a shittily designed system combined with my slow computer didn’t grant me access to the school’s printer. I sat there mute, but was so close to smashing my pc.

Often I feel like my brain isn’t functioning properly. I feel like everybody else has a natural grip on things. That they’re able to do things properly and thoroughly. And that they understand and abide by social etiquettes. I feel like everything is so foggy, I hardly know where I am, who I am or what I’m supposed to do.

I think a lot about physical contact. I long for it. Not sex, just “closeness”. I’m scared that I’ll never meet anyone who would want to lie next to me and the reason I’m scared is because I never meet anyone. (Writing “next to me” reminded me of a song I like called “next to you” by bumblebeez so if anyone’s reading this there u go free song recommendation) I think about physical contact mostly while in my bed trying to sleep. It’s weird, it’s almost like it feels unnatural to not be hugging someone while going to sleep. I feel cold and out of place not having someone warm next to me.

I’ve been writing and thinking for a couple of hours now and it looks like I won’t be getting enough sleep tonight. I wonder if I’ll ever have a good sleeping pattern. Oh well, tired of writing, good nightwant to die. Dont like life.been suicidal since 14 or 15. I am now 26 and still on this planet. Want to die but I make a wicked curry and love videogames. Wish something would change one way or another.I want to dieI want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to dieTired of LivingI’ve been suffering from depression for a while now.  It started in my freshman year of high school and I’m now a freshman in college.  After 4 years of dealing with my mental anguish, I feel like nothing is worth doing anymore, but I keep going through the motions of life so my friends and family can stay happy.  It’s not in my nature to give up, but I’m so tired of living when I know it’ll never get better.  I loathe myself with every fiber of my being, and I pray to God every morning I wake up and ask Him to kill me that day.  I don’t believe I have the right to decide when I die, but at some point I’m not going to care anymore and that’s what worries me.  I’m trapped in a body that wants to live with a mind that wants to die.Having a really hard time todayI’m at work right now and I’m not done for another six and a half hours and I’m not sure what to do or how to get through this day. I can’t keep leaving early and I don’t know how to keep going I’m so drained mentally I don’t care about anything but I know that I can’t just walk out or quit or do something reckless. don’t want to live but staying here for my mum n only things that really helped escape was drugs but now im off them i can just listen to music but that dosent stop me feeling so alone i have a good loving family but im still just sad most the time the little things keep me going new tv shows/musicanyone wanna talk?I just want to dieI want to die so badly right now and tried chocking myself but just passed out. I hate this so much so I cut my arms and hips. Can someone tell me an effective way to do it.i want to end my life.i am tired of everything. waking up seems like a chore. theres nothing left for me in this shitty world, i dont wanna continue living in this black hole. not looking for advice, just wanna express my feelings. i am tired of worrying about life, i am tired of wishing that good things will happen. nothing happens. im tired of wasting my life away, i just want it to stop. i dont want to think anymore, i dont want to feel anything. i just want to sleep and not wake up. im just tired. im fucking tired.I need somebody to hear me out so badly.I am so, exhausted.
Everyday I want to die but don't kill myself for reasons but I want to so badly. 
When I share about it, people try walking me through it with what they think are good answers but they haven't lived with what I have.
They use words like just, I need to just this or that but they fucking suck!
They want to hold my hand until I feel better but I really really just want someone to hold my hand while I do it.
I know that's too much to ask really.
But I am scared and sad and doing it alone is well, lonely.
I just owe my friend money, my Dad's dad died and if I do it too soon it will break him so I gotta wait for that. And I feel guilty because I have a nephew and my family thinks they love me (even though they don't really know me and ignored me as a child amd judged me as an adult.) Their version of loving me is a selfish perception. They just want to know I'm there... Even if I'm miserable. Just as long as they can say I exist even though we don't do stuff together and I dont really love them because of how little love I got from them.

I'm really just at my wits end here. Existing in a constant mental breakdown.
I mean really.
Everyday.
I keep forcing myself to do "the right thing" and I'm in agony everyday.
Even though I'm trying to eat well, sleep well, exercise, make my art...
I still don't want to be here.
Like idk if I can do it today.
I'm about to start cutting myself again like a fucking teenager cause I just need to grt it out and it JUST WONT FUCKING COME OUT!!!!!!
I can't get drunk because my job requires me to drive today.
But I can't live with myself.
Ive been hospitalized twice and been to therapy for sooo fucking long you guys.
What the fuck does the world want from me?
Why is it so GOD DAMN important for me to be here?
Like actually.
Our world is shit and I can't stand being apart of it anymore.

So thanks empty space for letting me vent into you. And thanks again for not telling me what I need to do or that its okay when its not.I think I saw death tonight.So I've been struggling with depression for my entire life, and as of last week I went from working 75 hours between 3 jobs to working 10 at 1 job, my Bill's are due in 10 days and I have $100 to my name, basically I'm fucked. So tonight I had a mental breakdown, grabbed the pocket knife I havent used in years and made a few cuts. But i only spiraled further down into my abyss of self pity. After a while of freaking out I made a cut so deep I was positive I would bleed out, but to my utmost dis pleasure it didnt even start bleeding which is strange. And even stranger is almost immediately I felt completely calm, in fact I still am calm writing this minutes after the occurence. I'm a strong atheist and I generally don't believe in mystical creatures such as death God demons or anything else for that matter. But eventually I got out of my car, and as I did I swear on my father's ashes there was a dark figure standing maybe 15 feet away on the sidewalk. I only spotted it for an extremely brief moment in the periferial of my vision. I don't know, maybe he wants me to stick around a little longer.I feel like I'm insane.There's no logical reason to pretend things will be better, yet I still coward out of suicide... so that I can just continue suffering. No one really knows meAll my friends and family, I just put on a mask and pretend to be happy and quirky but I'm not I'm just so alone with my suicidal thoughtsSleeping forever instead of dyingFor as long as I remember I've always wanted to not exist. I don't necessarily want to kill myself, because I know it would devastate my family. I especially would never want to put my mom through that. I just sorta want to sleep forever or pass away so I could save my loved ones that heartache.Everythings planned, and im so excited.I broke up with my beautiful girl today, and tomorrow I'll put my house on the market, which should fetch a decent profit, which I already attested to my brother. 

Im gonna take my car and pull it into the highway-railing, that way nobody will know its suicide, and everyone will just blame me for being reckless and stupid, but at least not themselves 

God speed to all of you.

"She was singing the words to a suicide song, yet no one noticed."I'm pointlessi'm a girl in high school. i'm fat and ugly and i hate myself. my sister is popular and pretty.  i sit with her and some of her friends at gym because none of my friends are in it. she told me today to stop and that all of them think it's weird and that i'm weird. she said to make my own friends and stop hanging around hers. she calls me ugly and makes me feel horrible all the time. she tells me that i'm weird and nobody wants to be friends with me when i'm like that. she calls me weird and gives me bitchy looks whenever i goof around. she makes me feel less than. Other than when she's mean she's a good sister. i would throw myself in front of a bullet for her. she would for her best friend. she would not for me. I hate myself. I'm fat and ugly. I've binged and thrown up my food before. I'm fat and disgusting and tall. My sister is pretty and short and fit. I hate myself. I'm friends with some of the popular people who are friends with her. after what she told me i think they don't actually like me. they only like me because of her. i hate myself. I want to cut but i can't bring myself to it. it's supposed to bring relief. if she knew how much i cry to myself she would laugh at me and say i guess you are still weird. i hate myself. i'm fat and ugly and no guy would look twice at me. I wish my sister loved me. If i disappeared no one would look for me. Maybe they would for a little while. But no one would lose a best friend. No one would lose a sister.

i don't think she realizes how much effect her words have on me. I know i'm not struggling with things like debt or homelessness or grief, but i still feel suicidalSomewhere in the background....Every feel like you're just background music for the people around you. No1 really notices or cares if you are there or not. 
I think I have separation anxiety. I feel everyone leaves me behind. I know, in reality,they are just living life. Life is about change. I feel like I am incapable of change. A boring waste of space that people tire of.....

Life. It hurts ya know .....I don't deserve friendsi cut off the only people i care about Because if im planning on ending it all why should i make other people care about me when i dont care about my self 5 years wastedMy wife just told me she wants a divorce. Fuck, I dont know what else to say, I'm just destroyed. This is the first time I've cried since I was like 13 or something. It... just hurts so bad, and I dont know what the fuck to do. First time suicidal thoughts because of fckedup familyThrowaway account because my normal redditname is too obvious and normally a mobile peasant but decided to go on pc for my first post. TL;DR at bottom of post. This happened to me today and my rational thinking proces made me subscribe to this subreddit and tell my story since I'm low-key still shocked about my own train of thoughts

&#x200B;

A little bit of backstory:

When I was 15 I got my first girlfriend. A truly gorgeous girl and I was lucky to be with her. Skip forward half a year and both our parents decided to divorce. I was actually the one that really gave my mother the final push to get a divorce after seeing how truly unhappy she was over all those years. Although it felt like we both were in 2 heavy divorces at the same time (we spent a lot of time together and her family quickly felt like mine) we could find a lot of comfort by each other. The circumstances however, pushed both of us to quickly develop mentally. Our relationship would almost be one of adults, even though we both were 15. About 1 year into our relationship, shit started to get real. 

&#x200B;

My mother started a relationship with her father. 

&#x200B;

We could see it coming from miles away but always kinda ignored it. I told my mother multiple times that he was clearly off-limits, which she agreed to but then just casually ignored. We simply didn't want to see the truth. I recon having a phone call with her when our parents weren't even divorced yet and I could hear her cry by the thought that our lives potentially could become living nightmares. Still, we felt like they deserved the love that they found in each other and we didn't want to intervene (I sometimes really wish we had). 

&#x200B;

Our relationship lasted 1,5 years. We broke up on quite bad terms. Our parents still in a relationship. I thought that your girlfriend also being your step-sister was bad but man. Your freshly ex-gf being your  step-sister is much worse. I think that because we were forced to spend time together as a "jolly family" caused me to have problems dealing with the break-up. 2 weeks was all I got to deal with it, although my mom kept begging I would not be so "childish".  I didn't want to sleep there anymore but still was confronted by her presence at work and by sports (where we met).(Maybe quite significant to tell now that we didn't live together and we still don't. It's just that when I'm not at her place, she is at mine and so on)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

We're 9 months later since our breakup. I'm 17. I don't have any feelings for her anymore in what way ever. I've been going to a psychologist for about a year now to deal with this load of shit I call life. Told her too that I sometimes will still wake up with the vision of her laying next to me in bed cuddling after 9 fckin months. Recently it really has been going good tbh. Not gonna lie, I was happy again. I didn't want to claim that I had depression because I did feel good from time to time. It was just that whenever things were going bad, I had some serious mental breakdowns and had no idea how to cope with them until they went away after a day or 3, waiting for my next to arrive. 

&#x200B;

Yesterday I went out to a big af party. Here in the south of the Netherlands, 'Carnaval' is really a thing so there were abt 3-4 thousand people there. At the end of the night, me still being single af, my step-sister said she would take home some guy that would stay in her room for the night. She asked if I was cool with it. Obviously I said yes. That night I just called all my friends that were near, asking if I could stay with them for a while because I did not want to go "home".

&#x200B;

This whole day I have been realizing that even after 9 months, I still have that feeling of pure disgust in my throat whenever she is flirting with some new guy. The dude from last night is a nice guy, don't get me wrong. Even got to have breakfast with the fella. But the realizations that I for some reason can't learn how to cope with this shit got me thinking dark. 

In my previous mental breakdowns, I used to think about suicide but was scared by my own thoughts and never would ever commit it. Today it felt different. Maybe some realisation that I can't run away from this. I don't want to live with my father, I don't want to sit next to him at the christmas dinner (nothing personal) and I obviously can't expect my step-sis to stay single for the rest of her life. I've been in the car for 3 hours today and those 3 hours were filled with suicidal thoughts. I'm not scared of them anymore, but instead accepting them and letting it come close. 

&#x200B;

2 years ago I was so happy with my life. and if I'd pictured the future then, I would say I'd still live in my hometown (my father forced us to move to the city) and that I'd still be together with my then gf.

Life has shown me that there is no way to predict a future. So many things changed these 2 years and it only got more fuckedup over time. I'm scared to see how my life will change in the next 2 years. Of course, expectations of your future are almost never accurate but this is just too far of my initial plan. My mother asked what I imagined life would be like in 2 years again. Don't matter what I said, I know it's just gonna be as inaccurate as my last prediction in a down-going spiral.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR : My divorced mother got into a relationship with the father of my gf, she is my ex now and also step-sister. After 9 months she takes home a new boy. I realize that I will never be able to cope with the disgust in my throat for when my step-sister gets into another relationship making me scared of the future.

&#x200B;my biggest fearis that nobody really cares about me. I feel like my  parents are more concerned over what people around them think if me than how i feel. and I have various past examples of that. 

my friends don't really need me. I'm just there. im not their closest but there my closest. 

I thought someone beautiful cared about me. I was wrong. and I deserve it I am a terrible person 

when no body cares who you are, why  should you. if you have people calling you pathetic retarded ugly what existence do you haveIs it just me?Do you ever feel like you're just in the worst pain in your life? A pain so bad that you pray that you die or kill yourself but you're still too afraid to finally end it all?

&#x200B;

I hate being in this situation everyday. I feel this is the worst time ever in my life with no hopes or motivation that anything will ever improve. Rather, it feels like it will just slowly get worse and worse. I feel like my heart is always in pain and empty inside. I have no goals to strive for or no one to live for. I have no friends to talk to and my parents will shrug off what I'm feeling, saying that it's some kind of temporary phase. I have no hope of ever finding love, seeing myself as to worthless of a guy for a girl to ever fall for.

&#x200B;

Yet with all of this, I'm still too scared to kill myself. I feel like I'm trapped. It feels like an emotional hell. I feel absolutely alone and I deserve it. God.. I wish anything could happen. A car accident, a sudden heart attack, a drive-by shooting, falling off of a high place... just something out of my control that I have no time to consider that will kill me. Please, please, please... something put me out of my horrible misery. My perspective is so twisted and depressing now. For example, I see all of these mass shootings as: "Why couldn't I have been the one to die in that instead of this person or that person? I'm sure that person was living a much more fulfilling and productive life. I wish I could take his/her place."If I killed myself now hed blame himselfSo I cant. I cant ruin his life.Financial burdens give me suicidal thoughtsI'm pretty sure if I ever killed myself, likely not to happen because of my newborn and preschooler, it would because of financial strain and inability to get ahead on bills and whatnot. I can't help but think about it. 20k in federal and provincial loans, I'm behind on my bills which means I owe roughly $1500 dollars while making less than 300 dollars every 2 weeks for maternity leave. This isn't counting things like things like food or any other extra costs that aren't considered bills. I'm exhausted with trying to keep up. It makes me wonder how many other people are in a position where finances would become the reason they would off themself.Too many people depend on my life; I cannot find a reason to live other than them.I am a new home-owner, married to an amazing man, step-parent to a ridiculously awesome child, gainfully employed as a very good teacher, the product of a loving and supportive family, and owner of the best goddamn cat in the world. I have everything, and I am incredibly lucky.

I also want to die so much that I cannot get out of bed in the morning.

I don't know if or when I will end it, but every second I spend awake hurts so hard. Sometimes I try and relieve it through self-harm, but my husband ends up seeing the cuts and I feel ashamed. Instead I usually just drink whenever I am not at work, often as surreptitiously and destructively as I can, and I let myself get sucked into whatever task I can find.

Winter is coming, and I live in a place that will allow me to just go out, curl up in the snow, and never wake up. This knowledge comforts me, but I can't avoid thinking about all the people who love me and would be heartbroken to lose me: my husband, my stepson, my sister, my students, my parents... my cat.

Each and every single day I wish I could end it, but I can't do that to the amazing individuals around me.

I just want it all to be over without disappointing or hurting the people I love.I want to dieI have a stupid, stupid chronic illness that makes my face ache and my nose run everyday. It's been seven years. Nobody is listening.

The doctors have put me on every medication, now they arent interested. I can't afford private health care. I'm getting worse instead of better.
It's not cancer, I'm not in a wheelchair, so nobody gets the suffering that comes with having the worst cold of your life for seven years.

I can't make plans, I can't exercise, I can't work, and I can't get unemployment benefits because they don't see my runny nose and sneezing as an issue.

I've just started university and I'm finding it hard to do the work, I'm too sick, and what's the point? What job could I even hold down at the end of it?

I love my boyfriend and my brothers and my mum. My wee cat. But I'm considering giving them an opportunity to live without me. When your scared to do it...Life isnt black and white...its thousands and thousands shades of any color in general...and I guess, to the point, that the colors of my life wasn't pretty much pleasing to see...

You get tired...you tried your best to be who you are yesterday but negativity just seeps right in...your faults get reminded to you verbally and you tried your best to accept and befriend your faults if cant change them since its already a part of who you are...

you know your limits...you try every experience your hands could set upon or every curiosity that comes to your to think that maybe you'll enjoy reality...but then you get tired when the things you need to prioritize falls apart and again back to square one,tried your best to fix and letting go those experiences that could actually drain you...

You tried to fix yourself...for that little tinge of hopw that maybe...maybe...most of the things will turn out great atleast...you can be a bit impatient sometimes thats why you fill those available time with hobbies your actually good at,but at the back of your head you dont deserve it...

You know you life went downhill at some point...you tried to stand up for yourself atleast but you know and you felt that wrong kind of support around you that could make the progress even much slower...until you get tired...

Life isnt as rose colored as for everyone...each and everyone has their own unique experince in life and understanding that most of us couldnt comprehend,much less accept...

This event happened after failed attempts of suicide...but im tired...

I can just easily accept death with open arms and few regrets that "i wish" but...you,yourself,knew it wasnt meant to be...

I wasnt lucky enough...or i wasnt strong enough to handle this...you wanted to blame the people around you...throw stones why your like this,but they get to throw you back the bigger stone that it IS all my fault...you accepted it...

I cant believe that there's a God anymore...cause the more you think about it, how it separates black and white so much,at the same time,judging they deserve it, is too unfair...if there really is a God,merciful that is,there wouldnt be hell...there wouldn't be stigma and discrimination on who goes where when they die...

But i atleast understand why there is a need of God...to bring hope to those who are also on the verge of giving up...

And frankly, i was not one of them...i understand all too much or maybe its the kind of reality i could easily accept...i know im not perfect...and im tired of accepting more...

I cant explore anymore because im tired...reality makes me too tired now that other worlds can atleast put me in ease...thats why i dreamed about flying and never going down...because reality hits you back so painfully,that you just wish for a way to stay up there permanently...

I know im not weak...because im trying my best while i still can...but im getting tired of being strong...i cant find any one around me that could understand the dilemma im having until you just...go with the flow...automatically give them what they want and need to hear...till theres nothing left in you...a poor soul once give me...but i got greedy and took more without giving anything back because at the back of my head, "you atleast deserve that much....right?"...

I just want to run away but i cant support myself...it hurts because im already 21 and i feel like i cant go on...i was raised like this...i accepted this kind of reality...but as much for the loneliness i felt, id prefer where im really really far away and maybe,just maybe...i might fly....i guess?I'm sitting here with all my pills and I want to dieI've lost everything that meant something to me. The girl I Love makes absurd paranoid accusations that I'm talking to other girls. She left me so I turned to my only friend in the city I live in and rented a room in his rental house. Well he spent the first month fighting with his other roommate until he left. Then the other day my friend up and left with little explanation and now I'm stuck with a house i can't afford and am being evicted from. Also the electric was in his name and he didn't tell me till today it's being shut off in 2 days. I just started a new job a couple weeks ago because I began drinking myself to death when my gf left so I lost my other job. 
For the last couple weeks I've been more depressed than I ever remember being. I'm bipolar and just started back on meds about a month ago. Since then I've non stop tried to die through risky behavior. I smoked meth and crack, did heroin as an ex addict. I've drank bottles and bottles of liquor on my meds. I walked through the middle of the freeway at night hoping someone would hit me. Yet here I am facing a dark lonely house, facing homelessness, and my gf though coming back to me a few times continues to randomly flip out on me and sent me 37 messages a week ago telling me to go kill myself and the world is better off without me. 
I think she's right. I think the world is better off without me. All I'm afraid of is that in the middle of the month I won't have enough pills to kill me. 
I have 15 or so Seroquel, 25 Clonzapam and some doxipin and some lithium lying around. But if I wake up from it, I'll be furious and out of my meds. 
I'm on the last of my emotional strength. I can't do this anymore. I've been a failure at accidental suicide and a failure at life. So at this point, I'll try anything. 
I'm not even sad anymore, just empty of all emotion. I feel nothing at the thought of dying. 
Just trying to decide if I have enough meds to do it. 
I'm just ready for this to endI don't knowI feel like I bother everyone around me and I know people don't like me, they just feel sorry for me.
I would want to die but I know that it would affect people who Im supposedly close with, it has come to a point where I live for others and not for me anymore, life has no meaning, everything is empty and I just see the days go by.
I don't like talking about this because I don't want ppl to worry about me but I just want to express myself.I am a friendless weirdo.I am alone and I don't think that that will ever change.

I don't have any friends, close acquaintances or functional family. The last time I had a friend was 9 years ago when I was 12.
I spend all my weekends and time after duty alone. When there is an event after duty where everyone is invited I am nothing more that a tag along because I possess hardly any social skills and no one wants to talk with me. I don't think I am disliked, I get along fine with everyone. But there is nothing to like about me, either.

I miss a person that makes plans with me and takes me into account. I miss a person that asks me what's up and is genuinely interested in an answer. I miss a person that likes me and has confidence in me.

Life seems worthless without sharing it, and the opportunities for finding a close friend are gone. Through social isolation I degenerated too far. I think I irreversibly lost at life.No one got back to me so thoght id try again because my face to everyone is fine but inside im screaming and just want to move forward im sick of saying im fineFor the record I've tried anti-depressants as well as therapy since it happened but it doesn't help or maybe I won't let it help, I just don't know. I've set up a few accounts but never have the balls to post iguess, so if you're gonna be a sad person and try to belittle me good luck because I've been through and had worse. All you get from me is love because something or someone hurt you so just don't be a cunt because everyone has shit on the plate of life so why make it worse.

I'm a father of three but my middle child lived for just 43 minutes, but he did breath and was alive. Since it happened we struggled with a lot, we had another child about a 18 months after(it wasn't planned but we couldn't abort because of what happened to the second and I was working and we got by okay) and he spent his first 5months in hostpital(9weeksearly). My first was fat and healthy and a whopping 9.8 we had no issues, so when we lost the second it was a shock to me and me ex(married at 19 father and mother at 20) 

Yes we married young and yes it was a stupid idea(everyone warned us) but we gained two beautiful highly intelligent children who both are doing great. My eldest is top of her class and was going to start school early but we decided against it. Her reading is 2years above her age and her writing is almost as good as me(sort of she's only 5 but im so proud of her). My youngest is lazy but he just takes too much after me and his sister does everything for him. He's just turned 3 and is tiny 😂 but he'll be taller than me I'm sure and he has a brilliant sense of humour.

So that's the back story but this is the issue. I have nightmares of the doctors, nurses and the hospital solicitor asking me are you okay. Watching so many people work on his tiny body trying to get him to breath again. Whenever I hear in the news about a family struggling with an ill sproglets it just makes the nightmares worse because what theyre going through you wouldn't wish on your worse enemy. Words can't describe holding your cold lifeless child's body. He was a handsome boy who lost his life because of an infection during the pregnancy(a bloody infection!). It was the worst moment in our lives. 

At on point during the pregnancy I was accused of abusing my partner for no reason other than how we looked we guessed( the hospital apologized and said it was a simple misunderstanding but we both felt it could of be down to being young/area or the colour of my skin we have no idea why it happened the thing is my ex's mother is a social worker and anyone that knew us thought we were joking) my ex was at a hospital that was nearly 2hrs away where two nights before I'd had followed an ambulance because she need intensive care. I was on no sleep and had just had an accident with another van(I was terrified I'd lose the baby or her). It was a pretty crappy time, if I'm perfectly honest.

It was probably the least stressful part of the pregnancy which is incredibly demoralising to look back on. Even if everything I've written makes no sense I just want someone who has gone through a similar situation to say how they dealt with it and became the strong person they are today.

Basically I want to sleep peacefully and not have ideas or ending my life because I failed as a father and husband. I feel like he'll be forgotten as noone ever mentions him on his birthday but is it down to the fact they know how much it affects me. My children will go on to do things that make them happy and prosperous adults of this I have no doubt which helps, but How do I not be a burden on my loved ones now and in the future? How do I move forward and become the man I'm meant to be and not this wreak who can't get the images out of his head(he was a baby boy he was grown and just short for a happy healthy life the thing that constantly pops up in the nightmares is seeing his big eyes which are something that comfort and haunt me at the same time).

Sorry about the large amount of reading and terrible grammar(I'm a grammar Nazi but I'm frantically typing to get this out before I change my mind again)but to tell you the truth it's just the tip of the iceberg(im a pretty messed up person but a fucking great dad!)I don't know how to talk to people face to face about it. I just say snippets and then shut down/change subject even though I want to let it out.

We are so messed up it's really amazing we as a species made it to 2018.

So yeah don't be a cunt and a little advice would be much appreciated.

I'm reposting because someone has to have had a similar or difficult time where they became stronger and learnt from the crappy experienceJust my story to help you a bitI once wanted to kill myself because I just couldnt get over things. Found dads .44 Magnum, put one bullet in the chamber and was ready to go. I pointed the gun to my head, got some memories and... Passed out because of dehydration. I woke up in hospital, mother told me they found the gun ~30cm from me that has fired a shot and they thought I killed myself. Now things are better because of the support family gave me. I feel stupid for trying to kill myself but also thankful to my dehydration. I hope things will get better with you. Just don't lose hope. So I feel suicidal but I'm notI've struggled with these thoughts since I've was 14 (21 now). Like every time I have a bump in the road I feel like the easiest thing to do is just.... you know. But I dont. I never will. But I keep wanting to, its like my body is like 'do it's and my brain is 'hold on a minute'. How can I start to think more positively instead of thinking of death at every inconvenience? I know its not serious and 75% of my issues can be solved by me just being patient but why? 

P.S. 
I'm not diagnosed with anything except depression and anxiety (by a therapist not a psychiatrist: so no pills). I don't have history of suicide, depression, or anxiety in my family or anything.I've been trying for ages and nothing is happening. Every morning I wake up pissed off that I didn't just die in my sleep.Not that anyone cares!But I just want to scream that I'm not ready! I don't want to live alone. I don't want to live. Why do people push me away and out. I am a great person and friend. Why do these things keep happening to me. Is this the life that was planed for me? To wake up in pain and to sleep dreaming of pain? I can not catch a break. I ducking hate my life. I gave up everything for him and he left me with no fucking care I sold two cars one for our fist apartment and another for our 3rd. A fucking text a text why... I don't know anymore but I am not going to make it through this year. This apartment will be my last. I'm sorry to my family in advance I've been trying for a couple months. Anybody want to meet up & end it together ?Lfor the first time in my life, instead of thinking I need to kill myself. I thought someone else needs to kill their self.My SO is very mean and verbally abusive. for the longest time while being with my SO when they would yell at me for the dumbest shit. I would always think i'm not good enough or that i'm a piece of shit. it would really get to me. but the other day, it was like I had an epiphany and thought "man, this person really has some anger issues that they'll probably never fix because they're that stubborn. they should probably kill them selves." i didn't even feel bad for thinking it. i'd say it's time to leave this person. maybe tell them they need to rethink dealing with their anger problem.Suicide NotesAlmost a week ago I decided that I would be ending my life soon as a result of unfortunate events that have been piling up for the last year (dog died, son died, dad died, grandmother died, wife left me, lost my job). Then on Tuesday I made my choice to give life another chance, to see how it goes. Today those hopes were dashed and now I am finishing out my plans.

The question I bring is that of the suicide note, why? I've felt a strange calmness in my heart since I made the final decision, and I've wanted to leave a note for my loved ones but I can't find any reason as to why I should. Once I'm gone, do I really care what they know? Would I care how they feel, either guilty or not? There are things I want to say, both good and bad but I am struggling with if its even worth the effort. Its not like I would be able to explain anything I wrote in case they misunderstood or took it the wrong way. Constant urge to kill myself.i don't know. I'm just tired. I want to kill myself but I can't bring myself to do it because I know a couple people love me and I feel empathy towards what it would do to them. I was doing good for a bit, but I think I only fooled myself into believing that I don't feel the way I feel. Now I've gotten back into a variety of drugs just to help me ride out the day with a little bit less of a noise in my head. anxiety and depression are no joke. I just wanna die.It didn't work.Three weeks ago today, I tried to kill myself via overdose at school (I didn't think it'd be fair to make my parents find my body) and I somehow lost control of myself. I only remember small parts but I woke up 15 hours later in ED vomiting and spent 2 weeks in a mental ward. I've since had psychiatric help and feel a bit better, but I sometimes wish it had worked.

I recently found out that pretty much the only reason I'm alive is that I was strangely resistant to the sleeping pills I took (I took over 20) and all they did for the first hour 1/2 or so after I took them is give me amnesia where in pretty much anyone else, they'd be out in 10 minutes, especially with that amount. If I was normal, I'd be dead.

A doctor I saw once I was in hospital told me I was lucky to have survived and sometimes I disagree.Help: I need real advice on overcoming depression and suicidal ideationHello everyone

So I've had suicidal ideation for about as long as I can remember, and right now it's worse than it's been in a long time. In the past month, I've had a lot of feelings and thoughts towards suicide. I've already called the suicide hotline several times, and talk to a counselor, but I need more help.

Right now, I'm not at risk, but that can always change due to the ups and downs of life. I guess what I'm asking you all is if you could help me in someway by offering advice or support? I've reached out to some of my friends in real life, but they're honestly no help at all. They just hit me with the cliché "suck it up," "life's not that bad" "it's a selfish descision" "we'd all be real mad at you if you did it" and "everyone gets sad every once in a while." 

Could you guys help me in some way? I'm not asking for anyone to be responsible for me, but I just need some kind of help.I've BEEN readyWaking up in the morning right off the bat is a diss appointment, the earth is a terrible place run backwards and being here just to slave because let's face it we're all still slaves no matter what, or how distracted or positive you can be we're just here to be at the bottom. Marriage, RELIGION, having kids, monogamy, all things we've been brainwashed with to give us a illusion of purpose when in reality we're just floating on a giant rock in space. I have a son and I really wish I hadn't brought him into this world because it sucks, and because now I'm trapped here because I have to be there for him. Question, what would the world look like if we were born with self destruct buttons let's just say in our belly buttons or ear lobe or some shit? Do you really think ppl would stick around if a quick automated painless shutdown was available to us? If we were born with it so it wouldn't be looked at as such a weakness, religious freaks would have to accept that "god" makes us with it. Going off topic but shit I really hate not just my life specifically, but just how this place "earth" continues on the daily. War. Sexualizing everything for money. I been ready but my family is all that chains me to this shitty world. I would just like my heart to stop beating tonight.18I dont Think im actually suicidal, but i really dont Care for my life, i would never actually kill myself because it would hurt my fam, but i wouldnt mind or Care if i got hit by a drunk driver TommorowSuicide plan adviceI'm new to reddit and posting on the internet in general so this might be the wrong place for this, and i might get a lot of shit.

But basically i want some scientific advice on my suicide plan, not people trying to talk me out of it, or give me shit, and people to tell me it is not worth it. This is an exit plan if all else fails, i am not saying that i am definitley going to use it yet, but if i do attempt suicide i need it to be successful, and painless.

My idea is to take as many prescription sleeping tablets as possible, i am currently supscribed Zopiclone. How many of these would i need to take to be absolutley sure that i would not wake uP?

Then i was going to wash them down with a bottle of vodka, and slit my wrists in the bath with a sharp razor (downwards). 

Just wanted some advice as too how many tablets to take, how long to leave it so that slitting wrists would be painless but not impossible. If sleeping tablets would not be suitable then i can get hold of codine tablets. Would this be more suitable? How many would i need to take, and again, how long would i need to leave it before slitting wrists in bath?

Stressing again that this is a desperation plan, please don't bother coming on to say don't do it blah blah. I am really not doing this for that reason, i have enough reasons already not to do it, this is my escape fantasy, so please help me to know how to get it right if you have the scientific knowledge to help. That is all i am interested in.I don't want to live...but I don't want to dieI don't know what to do. I'm fighting a war in my head and it's never going to stop. Between bipolar, anxiety, ptsd, and diabetes I'm always sick from something. I push people away and then wonder why no one is ever there for me. I'm so alone in this world. The people who do actually care about me get it the worst. I snap and get mad over stupid stuff for no reason. I'm a burden on every one I love. I have no friends and only a small amount of family and I'm sure they're quickly getting tired of my shit. I don't want to die, I'm terrified of death...but I don't think I can keep going in my head.The night I decided to end it

The night I decided to end it my mom kissed me on the cheek and my baby brother gave me a hug.
The night I decided to end it I danced with my family and laughed like everything was okay.
The night I decided to end it I saw my sister cry over her broken heart and wanted so bad to fix it.
The night I decided to end it I smiled and acted like I was happy and on top of the world.
The night I decided to end it my best friend knew there was something wrong, but didn't know how to help.
The night I decided to end it I tried to numb my pain with alcohol, but this time it didn't work.
The night I decided to end it I made new friends, and reconnected with old ones.
The night I decided to end it I reached out to people in pain, and tried to heal their wounds because I couldn't heal my own.
The night I decided to end it I said goodbye to the people I loved the most, but they had no idea it meant goodbye forever.

I'm sorry. The pain was too much.. I had to end it.Everyone controls my life. Killing myself is the only way to regain that controlSuicidal Ideation: Symptoms, and resources, How to deal with suicidal thoughts and feelings Recently, suicidal thoughts have spread widely, especially among young people and adolescents, because of the loss of the purpose of life and the sense of irresponsibility, identity, and other psychosocial diseases. If these ideas are not controlled in time, the patient may be severely hurt and may even end his life.  In this article, we will try to help you to get rid of suicidal thoughts and stop thinking about suicide. 

[Suicidal Ideation: Symptoms, and resources, How to deal with suicidal thoughts and feelings](https://www.scientificworldinfo.com/2018/07/how-to-deal-with-suicidal-thoughts-and.html)My mental state is crashing and burningFor years now, I've been banking on the fact that I'm just going to end up killing myself and so where someone else would plan their future, make something of their life, I've done none of that

But now that the time-frame I decided is coming up I realize that I'm terrified. Not of dying, but how I'm going to do it. Everything is fucking closing in on me and I don't know how to deal. And I have no access to effective ways to end it which is a whole other level of stress. Despite all this, I've never cut but honestly I've been imagining doing it between thinking about what'll happen if I don't die and if I'm going to try to die without a gun

I can't even fucking cry to alleviate this tension I'm feeling for who knows what reason.

God I'm such a fuck up I cant even plan a suicide right i just dont want it to hurtI do not know what to do, freaking out.This is the first time I come across such a situation, it is freaking me out and I have such thoughts.

I live in an expensive city in California, had some savings when I relocated but I came from another country. I do not have anyone, no family and here in California I am friends with 1 person and he lives with his family who is poor and cannot help. 

I have 2 jobs, been working 6-7 days but sadly my main job is min wage. I got laid off from my previous job which was again min wage and I had to live in savings until my next checks can come in. While then, I could not find a job that offers 40 hours and kept looking for. 

Anyway, I have bills including dental work from before, credit cards, was paying for classes, expensive rent and now I have been paying a lawyer since I have a pending immigration case and it is all thanks to my ex. My ex is living a happy life leeching off his gf and I have to suffer like this; I did not do anything wrong. I had to tolerate an abusive ex who cheated on me and kept harassing me for money. 

My jobs do not pay as much, even with working 7 days. I could not find a low-income lawyer due to holidays coming and on top that, I will have to pay court fees eventually. 

I dont know what to do, will I just end up homeless? I keep having thoughts to die.Never changesSo I’m sitting here thinking about why everyone lives. Like everyone go’s through basically the same pattern, as in you get a job then house etc. 
As I was thinking my mind said “Do you have to go through all that pain, and do you really feel the need to live. Everyone is going to die at some point, so what would it matter. (At this point I’m on the verge of tears) then it speaks again “why are you so sad, it’s not like anything will hurt you anymore or despise you for cutting yourself, or force yourself to always act happy. You won’t have to be defensive about people worrying about you. So why are you waiting to end it ?” (I’m speechless) “End it so your friends and family don’t have to waste anymore time on you.” (It hurts but you’re right, what’s the point in going on when it never changes) I can't feel anythingI'm just so tired of existing. I want to fade away. end my suffering plshave no guts to kill myself but i think of suicide daily. i just want to cease to exist. Anti-depressantsTaking this shit nonstop with no impact is having a pretty significant toll. Why isn't okay just to be depressed about a shitty situation? Why must people drug you into happiness - its not fucking real happiness. Most days I'd rather just be dead than in this constant pain and having my brain chemistry altered to the point I barely recognize myself.Thought today was gonna be a good day.Thought today was going to be an okay day. I was going to fix my sleeping schedule and i don't know be content with myself. Apparently not. I'm so stupid. I left trash downstairs (empty bag of cereal and bottle of juice) and after calling me fat, lazy, stupid, my mom hit me whilst threatening to either beat me to death or sell my body to men on the street (I'm 15) which really shows my worth to her. It's only 11:53 AM currently and I'm in bed, crying. Wishing i was dead. I don't think I'll be able to fix my schedule this week. I don't want to be awake at all. Ever. Stupid of me to even think today would be sort of better and i had control over at least something but no, i just had to be lazy and leave those things downstairs. This is my fault. Everything is. Whilst she was hitting and punching me i was just wishing she'd beat me to death. Thought i was betterused to be extremely depressed and suicidal for the better part of last school year. when this year started, things in my life started going better and i was feeling more confident and happy. i stopped crying all the time and my suicidal thoughts went away. i didnt feel numb anymore and i stopped cutting. but all of a sudden i just got suicidal again. im so frustrated because i thought if i was doing well, i couldnt feel this way. turns out i have no control over it. 
psychological pain is terrible. IdkEvery time I mess something up, which is a lot, my urge to kill my self grows stronger. There’s no mild disappointment or resilience left.  I’m closer and closer to being totally ready to just go and spare everyone dealing with my stupid ass. the only thing that soothes me enough to sleep is the fact that there’s a chance i won’t get up in the morning.i really wanna fucking dieI want you aliveThink, thank and appreciate what you have around you. Thank your family for loving and caring for you, appreciate the fact that you have the right to be alive, think if it’s actually worth it, and remember, you always have something to lose. If you feel sad, remember it can get worse. If you’ve hit rock bottom, the only way from there is only up. If you feel suicidal contact you local suicide hotline. I want you alive. The people you meet everyday want you alive. Don’t say bye to this world of pure improvement. Less slavery, less war, more homes and more people you can meet and befriend. Please. Don’t give up. Talk to a family member, a friend or just someone in the street you don’t know. People don’t hate you and you’re the only one who hates you. The only barrier for you is your imagination and self image. Get a friend. Friend would love to make you happier. Clean your room or home, clean rooms make for clean thinking. Call a family member or a friend you didn’t see in a lot of time. They will love to catch up with you. Get out. Have some hobbies. Ride a bike to places you’ve never been to, express yourself in art. There is so much to do. Don’t give up. I love you. Love yourselves. Bored and depressedNot to knock anyone down. I believe everyones reason for their own suicidal thoughts and don't believe i should get less or more pity than you but i do want to say how lucky those kids are who worry about their families caring about them when they're gone. I envy you so much. I know for a fact no one will care if I'm dead. Maybe for a few days or weeks but they'll easily get over it. I wish i had a loving family at least.. To help me a little with all the bad thoughts running through my head. I wish i had someone. I wish i wasn't a 16 year old girl who's never had her first kiss, first hand held, no boy has ever even had a crush on me. I wish i was a 16 year old girl who had at least one friend. One friend would help. Just one. I have none. Why? I went the whole freshmen year so far not talking to anyone. Staying mute. No one bothers to talk to the mute weird girl. Why would they? I wish i was a normal 16 year old girl. Reasons why I won’t kill myself yet.It’s always the same couple of things that stop me from going through with killing myself. The first is knowing how it will affect my mother and grandmother, whom I live with. Provided I did at home, which I’d want to- I’d wanna be in a comfortable space i.e. my room- They’d obviously be the first to find me. I’m not naive. I know that I can’t fathom what it would do to them if they burst into my room after hearing the gun shot to find my walls spattered with blood, bits of skull, and what used to be my brain. Not to mention how the  sight of my headless body would be burned into their psyche for the rest of their lives. The second is the fact that I’m agnostic. I can’t guarantee there won’t be something, worse than what I’m running away from, waiting for me on the other side. Part of me can’t shake the idea that there’s at least a 50% possibility that judgement awaits me, and from what I’ve always been told taking yourself out is an automatic “fail”, which, if I’m being honest, I’ve never understood. Like imagine for a second that there is in fact a god and he did, and is capable of, all the things the stories say; First off, why the fuck would he/she create these types of mental prisons for people? And second, why would he punish those for trying to escape the only way they know how? No, it doesn’t make any sense, and, yes, it seems highly unlikely but the thing is I was born and raised in the south, where that shit is beat into your head from day fuckin’ one so at this point the feeling that I’ll be punished for trying to escape this fuckin’ world is nigh impossible for me to shake. I believe if it wasn’t for those thoughts trapping me here I would’ve been gone long ago.I wish I had the courage.I know I dont want be here. I know I want to die. 

Why can't I find the courage to actually do it? 

I'm so exhausted. So tired of living. 

Do I just jump? Do I get drunk or something? Why can't euthanizing be an option for those who have suffered for a decade or longer?FML hate myself**I really hate myself. Everything I’ve done is bad. My life sucks. I don’t have friends. People don’t like me. This life is what I’m used to. I don’t like social interaction. It’s too much work for one person. I’m still a kid and I deserve to die. I don’t belong anywhere. Nothing will change when I’m gone. They’ll just show fake tears at the funeral. I know because I could see how much people hate me. They hate me. They just put up to me. I know my parents hate me too, they just don’t want to show it. I know my own life. People don’t actually care about me they just fake it. Trust me I know how it feels to get hurt. This is why I stay happy. This is why I stay positive. I know people will be just get mad at me for me being what I truly am. I tend to hide this pain and suffering with happiness and joy. There is no use to fix this. Even if there was, it won’t fix everything. My life is a mess already. I am worth nothing. There is no point in living anymore. I don’t deserve to be alive. I don’t deserve my life. I don’t deserve anything. Somebody deserves living more than me. I’d rather die than live.**I'm so ungratefulI think I just realised that I'm not supposed to feel like this. It isn't normal to think about dying several times a day. Im training to become a teacher, I'm so far into my training but I don't think I'll be able to do it, I'm not good enough, I'm not charismatic enough, I'm to socilay awkward. I rly wanted to do this at one point but now everything is just so heavy and terrifying. Sitting in front of my latest exam right now and I can't see the point of completing it. I feel like everyone secretly despices me and looks down on me. Im trying to help two of my friends through depression and suicidal thoughts now aswell, and I feel guilty for feeling this way when they have it much worse and is much further along in their suicidal thoughts. I don't feel like I can talk to them, I don't want to make their struggles worse.  If I seek help I have to admit to people that something is wrong and that scares me more than anything.  I'm afraid people will be disgusted when they see the real, weak, me. I just want to crawl into a hole, be forgotten and waste away. Why can't I just be good and stop being ungrateful. Life has given me every chance and I'm just wasting it. I hate being aliveThere are so many things that haunt me and make me want to cease to exist just so I can stop from enduring the pain of my own brain.  One the biggest things is things that I remember. Or more importantly what I don't. Memories are the only thing that will stick with me but I can't keep them for some reason. I can't seem to remember pieces of my life and time is flying by and I know less and less about myself and who was. I thought about keeping a journal but I can't do it consistently enough to matter. I can't stand the feeling of nostalgia because I realize how good things used to feel and I wish I could go back and relive the memories but it is impossible. What is the point of my life if when I get older no one knows I existed and I hardly even know who I was.I don't want to live anymoreI make very little money despite having a degree.   I have a boyfriend who I adore in almost every aspect except that he's not well-endowed.  The man who I have loved for 2 years is marrying a girl from Brazil that he barely knows.  My mother is poor and expects me to support her and my sister and her two kids on my meager salary.  My life is a joke.Make you happyI can’t do it anymore. I open up to people. Only to get torn down more. I am trying to make everyone happy and I end up making no one happy. 
There’s all of these hidden agendas and expectations. I can’t read minds. I can’t make anyone happy. I can’t take it anymore it’s exhausting, and I’m already exhausted.  I feel pressure and like I’m being pulled in so many directions. . . At this point I just want to crawl into a hole and die.Tbh, staying alive for someone else... tw cuttingI really can’t think of any other good reason to keep going, so I’m staying alive for my fiancé. I’ve forced myself into a routine where I have to see him before I go to sleep, whether it’s for bed or a nap or anything. I have to see his face because if I don’t wake up, it’s the last thing I want to see. 

I know it would kill him if I died and I can’t hurt him... the guilt of that alone makes me miserable. But yet I still manage to catch myself fantasizing about slitting my wrists and watching the blood run down my arms multiple times a day... I think about what I’d write in my letter... I think about dying all the time. But I’ll never actually do it because of him.

So here I am, suffering in silence.Wish I was deadI'm not sure why I posted here.
maybe to vent..or to be noticed... I think it's to finally say my last words. To say my final goobyes.
Even if no one reads this, or no one notices. Itll just feel good to say.

I want to so desperately say im sorry, but im not. I'm not sorry I couldn't do it. Im not sorry I hated myself..and im not sorry it led me here. I tried so hard, gave so much..so when do I get to find peace? Not while I breathe, not when my heart beats. I'm ready to take this step. Finally finish it. Finish my own book..finish my last few pages. 
It's my time
Back on antidepressants, yayI didn’t think I could feel worse, then yesterday happened. Feeling so upset and hurt you can’t even cry, you just shake and think you’re gonna throw up. Then you eventually do cry and can’t stop. 
Why does it have to be so hard, so lonely :( 
I feel like I’m just bothering people, but I’m really not coping. I don’t want to feel this way but I can’t snap out of it. It’s like tying to swim back to shore with rocks on my ankles and having swam for hours and hours. 

I’m tired and I want it to stopI Feel like I’m a failure in life.I’m 26 years old with a minimum wage job it’s not part time it’s full time but still I wish I made more money. I have a two year old son that I haven’t seen in months. My relationship with his mom is so toxic and I can’t stand being around her and her belittling comments. I have hurt one of my ex’s by cheating on her with the mother of my child. Now she is crazy obsessed with her and they blame everything on me which is probably true.
     I’m not the brightest person or the best looking hell I’m surprised that I have a two year old. I had no place to live until my aunt let stay at her house but I feel like I’m such a bother. I tried to commit suicide once already and I can’t even do that right. Everyday just feels so heavy and this time I really am fed up with everything. All I do now is look up ways to make sure I don’t fail at suicide.
     I wish I could have done so many things differently. I have so many regrets in life. I feel like people are suffocating I just can’t be around a lot of people anymore. I feel like everyone has eyes on me and judging me. I feel like I really am a waste of space, I really do feel that everyone would be better off without me. Sure everyone will mourn but to be honest we know that everyone will forget about you in a couple of weeks then months later everyone will go on with their lives. There is no reason for me to be here anymore. I will find a way to end my suffering my anxiety my life is just not worth it what’s one less life in a world filled with billions.I’m just....exhaustedOn the outside I look like I have it all together. I smile and I laugh, joke around with those around me....but when I get home I crawl into bed and finally let the tears fall. My life has fallen apart over the last year and a half and I can’t stop it. I’ve reached out to the few friends I have and they all just tell me I need to manage my stress better. But what they don’t understand is how far beyond stress it goes. 

I should be happy right now. I’m finally in Paramedic School, I’m living my dream. But instead I’m always stressed, always alone and I’m being drug down by the weight of all my past mistakes and regrets, I just can’t seem to let go of them. I’m in that dark place and this time I can’t seem to crawl out. And everyone I’ve reached out to and asked for help can’t be bothered to look at the whole picture and not just the stress. 

I don’t want to kill myself....yet. I still have hope things will get better. But that hope is dwindling and I don’t know how much longer I can hold on. I need a long walk off a short pier.Inexplicably, Desperately SuicidalHello, people of /suicidalthoughts.
Lately, I've been having a very rough time. Very rough. I'm used to that tiny yet compelling voice in my head telling me I'm a waste of oxigen, et cetera, but recently my dissociation/direalisation episodes have peaked.
I relapsed to self-harm after six months of not cutting or burning. It helps a little.
The world just seems so hostile and cruel and meant for our destruction. Every day feels like a losing battle. Every day feels like a struggle to survive the daytime horrors, and every night a struggle to try ignoring those bubbling thoughts of blood and knives and ropes.
I feel so lost and empty. I feel despair and grief. Overwhelming sadness. I have no idea what to do with my life. I'm so tired of just staying alive because someone promises me it might someday get better. Fuck it all, I didn't ask to be born, especially not with this unbalanced brain and twisted mind.
I just want to rest. I just want everything to stop hurting so much. I want to be unborn. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.I've run out of reasons not too....I (27m) suffer from generalized anxiety disorder, and have been pretty good at keeping suicidal thoughts away, but after seeing a psychologist for it, who helped me a lot with the anxiety, I've been taking his advice and trying to talk to more people and make more friends, and every time i try make friends with someone, well nothing happens, I've researched things that I might be doing with out realizing it that might drive people away, and stopped anything I was doing, but I can't make friends, So I have no friends, my job is a dead end, my wife doesn't care about me, I think the only reason she hasn't left me is because shes scared to be alone. I'm not close to anyone in my family, and basically I've tried to improve my life, and all i found out was that nobody likes me, and its got me so depressed, that I no longer have a reason not to end it, I'm just scared that i'll fail at it.Having serious suicidal thoughtsI  wrote a suicide note and a list of reasons why I want to die. I have researched how to use Xanax to kill myself.
I  don’t have the energy to keep living. I’m exhausted. The thought of another day exhausts and frightens me. I have literally lost my  will and energy to live
Not sure if this will be removed, pretty sure it will, but this is a something I wrote after a kid at my school killed himselfIt's a Tragedy.

It's a Tragedy that kids who haven't experienced the slightest bit of genuine, sustained happiness are pushed over the edge into oblivion without other's hands outstretched to provide a lifeline, a rope to climb back up on.

It's a Tragedy that people are left to feel so alone that the only things able to bring comfort are the fibers of the noose around their neck, the flash of the metal machine mimicking the sun, or the tiny little chemical tablets being washed down with a shot of whiskey to make the passing quicker.

And even more so, 
It's a Tragedy that everyday, these struggling people feel that this is the only escape from a life, burdened with pain and sorrow.
It's a Tragedy that nobody hears their screams, helpless and lost until after the irreversible, until after they become mere echoes of what once was.
It's a Tragedy that you only know the name after their physical form is conversing with the soil beneath the feet of the living.

I never knew this man's name. 
I never realized that the person who stopped me in my car asking for any known whereabouts of a disabled child would reveal his name a year later, not through conversation, but over the PA system, announcing the Tragedy. 
I never realized that the boy, whom I was given the gracious opportunity to provide a smile to while being a goof in the bathroom would be the last smile I'd ever see of the child whose suffering was, to the outside observant, invisible.
Daniel B, 
It's a Tragedy. 
It's a Tragedy that we as a society failed you.
It's a Tragedy that neither society, nor myself were able to intervene, and maybe, just maybe, save the life of a bright young soul.
And even more so,
It's a Tragedy,
That you were brought to the attention of the masses through an announcement of The Tragedy.
It's a Tragedy that your cries were left alone, hanging in the cold fingers of Death's embrace.
Daniel B, I speak for hundreds, maybe thousands when I say this, I'm deeply sorry we weren't able to help, 
To be there to aid you in a life teeming, with the burdens presented in your story, who's title is now depressingly fitting, The Tragedy.I want to die and I don't know whyIm not sad or upset, i dont have a writhing pain in my chest or uncontrollable urges. Im just so extremely disapointed in myself no matter what i do. I cant even sleep right. I just WANT to die. its no urge nor reason. I just really Want to die and be dead. its all I really want, food, drugs, nor friends interest me anymore.
All I want is to die.I just wanted to be happyI think I’ve lost my best friend because of some stupid fight he had with his ex girlfriend. He refuses to talk to me and I don’t know if I even did anything to deserve. He just told me to make sure I’m there for her and that things will get better soon. Ever since then, there hasn’t been a night where I haven’t cried myself to sleep or contemplated suicide. I don’t feel happy anymore...I just wanna my friend back or at least a chance at getting closure Post-feelings after almost jumping off a bridge two days agoI was almost going to decide to jump, I felt ready. I saw cars past by my feet underneath the ledge of the motorway bridge. I felt dissociated and incredibly alone. I didn't feel the danger until a few minutes later standing there. I thought "What the hell am I doing?, this is stupid". I felt like an idiot.. cars behind me were stopping at the traffic light, no one seemed to care that I was about to clearly jump off. I messaged my friend and told him what happened. I stayed over at his house for the night because I didn't feel safe. I couldn't sleep so we talked about what lead me to feel this way.

I have been having relationship problems, dealing with being unemployed and never having a job in my life (I am 19), inability to finish college, being isolated, overwhelming sadness/stress. Having flashbacks of my abusive childhood, Having an alcoholic dad that's never been there for me, overwhelming worry about my future. 

I told my boyfriend the next day in person about what happened, he looked extremely shocked. He knew I have felt this way for a good while now, but I think he didn't know I'd actually do anything that serious. I felt extreme guilt. we ended up hugging. 

Now I feel kind of good that I didn't fully commit but still bad that I almost ended my life. Next time this happens I think I'd rather go to hospital that attempt another.. even if that means I have to be sectioned to a physiatric ward.. I just don't want to hurt people with a stupid mistake I make.