Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.We are **so** sorry that this is necessary.

In recent days we've been targeted by a PM troll who's been sending pro-suicide messages to people after they post here.  The admins have suspended the main account this person was using, and they're looking out for alts, but if these types of individuals sometimes try to get around their site-wide bans.  We feel it's better to let you know this might happen again so that you can be forewarned, and also so that if it does happen, we and the reddit community team will be alerted as soon as possible.

If you get a hateful, pro-suicide PM, please be aware that this person is doing this indiscriminately, and they probably haven't even read what you posted, so it's *not about you*.  

If you don't think you could handle receiving something like that, we completely understand.  In that case, your best protection is to set your messaging preference so that you can receive PMs from trusted users only before you post (anywhere, not just here) about your struggles.  

On desktop you can do that here: 

https://www.reddit.com/prefs/blocked   

(On mobile, it depends which app or browser you're using.)

  

Being suicidal throughout your young adult years is very strange and leaves you in a weird place when you hit your 20s because you never really had a plan to get this far to begin with, never mind have a plan for the next 50+ years.Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.I called the suicide hotline because I’ve been sad for a long time. Had enough norco to overdose and almost did. Instead, I called a suicide hotline and was connected with Tom. He coached cross country. I run cross country and track for my university. He said he is now a fan of my team and will watch for my name on the leaderboards. Thanks for giving me even the slightest reason to keep going, Tom. Sleep is great because it's like being dead without hurting your family.I hate how when you’re depressed you just forget everything. You forget to do stuff and you forget the stuff you did. Time passes without you realising and instead of doing nothing for ten minutes you did nothing for three hours but you didn’t even realise you were actually living.Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?I'm suicidal, but not *suicidal.*

Know what I mean?

In other words, I'm not "suicidal"-suicidal.

Know what I mean?

That's not to say I'm doing it for attention, though, either. (That's a common assumption/misconception). My pain is very real. My feelings of wanting to die are pretty genuine.

Basically:

**I was just wondering if there was anyone else out there who, like me, has decided *not* to kill oneself—essentially, to continue living—despite the persistence of suicidal thoughts/feelings/ideations/wishes.**

I will not kill myself.

But some days, I really don't want to be alive anymore.Does anyone else constantly teeter between planning how to kill yourself and planning how to fix your life?Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.I don't know if I could ever bring myself to do it. There has been attempts before in the past, but never too serious to the point where I needed to be hospitalized. Once saw a post that said, "Can I have a 30 day free trial of being dead?" Never related to something so much in my damn life. Let me be an accident, not to the point where I die, but maybe in a coma for a while. Just to escape. 

I'm the friend that no ones wants to hang out with. I don't have anybody. I made a bad reputation for myself in high school and college (mainly just rumor-based) and I never bounced back from it because of my anxiety. I don't know who I am. I don't know what love is. Being suicidal is the only feeling I truly and wholeheartedly know, which is both comforting and petrifying at the same time. 

Lord forgive me, I'm going to need it. It’s beyond me that there are people who don’t think about committing suicide.It feels weird watching people plan for the future. Seeing them set goals, plan vacations, work on long term projects, etc. I just literally can’t fathom that there are people out there who are so happy (or have something to live for) that they never think about killing themselves for a second. I don’t even plan for the next week. Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.I tried I really did, but the second I took the pills I instantly regretted it. I called 911. In the ambulance is when I really noticed what I had done. And having the paramedics there to calm me down and help me was everything to me. I'm currently in the hospital. I can't leave my room unless it's to go to the bathroom. I can't even close my curtain to get privacy. They took every single cable and metal object out of the room. I'm in terrible pain. I didn't sleep at all last night. Hospital beds are the worse. I miss my bed and my dog :( 

Despite the dreary scene of the hospital the nurses and doctors have been nothing but nice and supportive. The nurse who drew my blood even drew a little smiley face on my bandaid to cheer me up a little. One nurse even gave me her number in case I ever need some support. I've never been treated so nicely by a group of strangers. Every single one of them giving me a different purpose to live. Thankfully I didn't ingest too much pills to damage my body too much. Just slight kinda damage but nothing life threatening. 

But this has made me realize a lot. Life really is worth living. No matter your situation. There are PLENTY of people who can be there for you. Every single nurse and doctor here gave me thousands of resources to help me. And this has given me the will to live. 

I should be getting out by Tuesday when a psychiatrist comes to mentally evaluate me and give me permission to leave. Until then I'm in a hospital room prison being watched over like a baby but it's good to know that there's people out there who truly care. 

To all the people considering suicide. Please don't do it. It's not worth it. I truly thought I had no one and my family wouldn't care. But seeing their crying faces when the ambulance took me away made me realize that even when you think you have no one you're wrong. The selfish decision I made will be in my mind forever but it gives me a reason to go on. We're all strong enough if we really try. 

Stay strong and reconsider your choice. 


EDIT: I didn't think my post would get so much attention, seeing as my other posts wouldn't get much. I'm sorry if I can't reply to all of the comments it's really a lot! However, thank you to all the kind people and positive messages. I'm glad to see my story is helping others as well. the only existence sadder than being suicidal is being suicidal but with the option of suicide taken away from you because if you were to kill yourself, you would kill someone else tooi dont think my mom would be able to survive me dyingDo you ever feel so lonely your chest physically hurts?Sometimes I wish I didn't have people who would be affected by my hypothetical suicide.The gun jammedThe title says it all. A little over a week ago, I put a shotgun barrel in my mouth and pulled the trigger. It didn't go off. The fucked up part is that I'm just sitting frustrated about why it didn't go off. I saw my therapist last Saturday and told him about it. He asked if I was willing to bring the gun to him for safe keeping. I complied. Later that day I checked myself into an urgent psychiatric center and they almost kept me. They prescribed Zyprexa instead and after telling my story, the psychologist started crying. That didn't help. The Zyprexa has made me feel numb. I'm not sad, and I'm not happy. I don't want to be alive anymore, or rather, I simply wished I didn't exist. Just needed to get that out. To anyone that reads this, thank you.nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicideI often fantasize about dying. I don't want to be here anymore. it's not even so much out of sadness anymore as it is just out of thinking realistically. there's literally no point. the only thing holding me back from doing it is I don't want to do that to my parents. 
besides feeling like I just want to be dead, I also deal with intense depression and thoughts that torment me. I can't shake the feeling that something is just wrong with me and I'm never going to be happy or deserve to be happy. there's this void in me and no matter what I do, nothing fills it. 

I tried talking to my ex about this while we were dating. I told him about my self harm and how I just want to die. about the self harm, he told me to cut the "right way" if I wanted real results. for the depression and suicidal thoughts, he said he felt the same except he had a worse life, so his depression was more justified. he said I have a lot to be happy for. 

it just made me want to kill myself even more. but the thing is, I don't think I want to die. I just wish everything would stop and I could start over as someone else. 
and honestly, when I think about killing myself, I fantasize about it not working, but working just enough to hospitalize me. it's a sick fucking thought, I know.
I think the main reason I want to attempt suicide is so the people around me will realize that I'm not just faking it or "choosing" to be depressed. it's not just for attention... which is ironic to say, considering I want to do it literally to get their attention. but I just feel like, in order for my pain to be taken seriously, I need to show it to people somehow.Best friend killed himself, I want to join himMy best friend killed himself at the end of September, and I still can't handle it. I'm 28/f, and he was 30/m.

He was the most amazing person I had ever known, and he told me once last June about his plans to commit suicide. I tried to support him, but he killed himself months afterwards. I know that, as I was at the time, I couldn't be the reason he would want to live, but it hurts so much that he left me. He was the only one who would or could help.

I called him crying very late one night, when he had a test the next day at 8 a.m., and he came over and spent the night with me and then took his test on two hours of sleep, and aced it because he was a genius. How am I ever going to find a guy like him again? I loved him, but I never told him, and he died all alone, feeling like he was unloved.

I've cried every night since he died, wishing I could join him in death. I can't feel anything for anyone else. He made me feel beautiful and loved and cared for in a way I never thought was possible. Now he's gone...forever. I'm such a failure. I failed him. I never made him feel like he made me feel. He used to put his hand on my cheek, and tell me that I was the most beautiful and perfect girl in the world to him. Now, I pretend my pillow is his hand as I cry myself to sleep.

I failed him. I was insecure and had intimacy issues, and I never told him how he was the most beautiful man in the world. He was everything. He had led such a hard and tragic life, but still he found the strength in himself to take care of everyone he cared for, including me. When I told him my father had sexually abused me, I expected him to run for the door. Instead, he held me and told me that he accepted me and loved me no matter what, and that I was still beautiful to him. I'm sobbing, remembering the unconditional love he gave me.

I can't exist without him. I reach my arms out into the air sometimes when I'm trying to fall asleep, hoping I can feel his arms around me again. Why didn't I tell him that I loved him? Why did I assume I would see him again? I feel so guilty. I just want to feel his love again, and to smell him as he hugs me. He gave the best hugs in the world.

I just want to die and be with him again. I want to tell him that I love him.

Shane...I love you. I'm so sorry you died alone, and that I wasn't there. I'm sorry you died feeling like no one loved you, because I do. If only I had shown you what was in my heart, maybe you would have stayed. I'm sorry. I love you with all of my heart. I know you wanted me to live, but I can't without you. You were the only one for me, but I was too stupid to let you in. I'll see you soon, my love, which is the first time I've called you that.

- CassieWho else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?There's nothing in my life worth living for anymore. Everything and everyone who brought any join into my life is gone. I'm disabled, in poor health, I suffer abuse on a daily basis and I feel totally alone in this world. It would be a relief to be able to just stop existing. The only thing preventing me is the fact that I have 1 or 2 family members who I feel would be deeply affected if I were to check out on them. So I suffer through each day more alone then the last in order to spare their feelings. Anyone else in a similar situation?Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”I am leaning far more towards the last two. Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?I think about it a lot. Like I imagine how it'll play out.

 Who would find me, the mess it would make, how my apartment would likely smell of my decomposing corpse and how that would likely give away what actually happened. The process of distributing my stuff and the pain my father and boyfriend would be going through. My co workers finding out, how they would all act surprised and pretend they never saw this coming. 

Do you guys go through the same thing?WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.We've received word that this account is PM-spamming our OPs.  Please be aware that the "itskoko" app is a commercial venture and they're taking advantage of our community without our knowledge or consent. 

Based on the messages we've seen we have grave doubts about the quality of the service, even though they claim to be following the methods of an MIT clinical trial.  I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.I don't even know how to put all of my thoughts down properly here. I've been having terrible emotional breakdowns lately and I have no idea if talking about it will even help. All of the problems in my life are directly tied to a condition I was born with and how I've been treated because of it.

Based on what I know, when I was born my biological sex was ambiguous and doctors tried to have me surgically "corrected" into a female. My parents have denied knowing anything about it, but they refuse to let me have access to my medical records even though I'm an adult. The only reasons I have information about it are because of scars, genital pain, and hormone/ internal ultrasound testing from my gyno.

Nothing about my body is sexually correct. I have breasts, but I have male pattern chest hair and pubic hair. I have what should be a vagina, but it's actually just a small hole so narrow that I can't even use a tampon, much less have sex with it. I was born with a phallus, but they shaved it down until it was the appropriate size to be a clitoris. It hurts a lot now, even as an adult. Its like a terrible stinging sensation that gets so bad sometimes that it's brought me to tears before. I can't even touch the left side of it because it stings and burns so badly. 

I've always known that something was wrong about my body, even as a kid I knew that certain things weren't right and that I didn't feel the way that other girls did. My parents refused to acknowledge it and hid everything from me.

My parents were very rigid about gender roles when I was growing up and they punished me whenever I didn't behave like my forcibly assigned sex. Most of my earliest memories are of me crying because I was forced to wear dresses, makeup, and necklaces. I vividly remember begging my mom not to pierce my ears and spending my whole childhood wishing my ears would close up again because wearing earrings made me feel deeply sick.

When I got older, it just got worse. My parents wouldn't let me have hobbies or join clubs that they thought "weren't for my gender." they stopped me from doing even simple things like learning to play the trumpet. They refused to ever let me cut my hair above shoulder length and would only let me wear clothes that were "girl colors". If I did anything that deviated from what they wanted, they would scream at me and call me a faggot or a dyke. Even now as an adult living in their house they do this, and they've said physically threatening things like "You're not too old for us to spank you." 

When I turned 18 I started having serious medical problems. I ended up with an exceedingly rare kidney disorder from a hormone imbalance that came from the surgeries I was forced to have as a baby. I nearly died from it that winter, but still my parents told me nothing about my medical history. 

I didn't get diagnosed until I was 20, when my pain was getting so horrific that I had to quit school and my job. I went for my first visit to a gyno and she told me that I was abnormal. I felt like a complete idiot when she told me. My parents had always pulled  me out of sex ed in school, and I was raised in such a strict religious environment that I sincerely had never seen what anatomy was supposed to look like.

And I felt so broken and stupid then. 

I was so scared of what would happen that I didn't tell my parents anything that my doctor told me. I had been dating my boyfriend for years already and I was so scared to tell him that I waited months before I said anything to him either. 

I just feel like such a failure. I was never even remotely happy as a woman, but I know that my family, my boyfriend, and everyone else could never accept me as a man either. And I've never felt like a man in the first place. I've always felt like I was something between that, even as far back as I can remember. But I know that people could never understand that. Even someone as loving, patient, and kind as my boyfriend can't fully understand how deeply this hurts me.

I feel so completely alone in the world. I feel mutilated. I feel like a disappointment to my family because I can never be what they wanted physically or emotionally. I can't take the pain anymore either. I'm constantly peeing blood and my kidney feels like a knife in my back. I've been suffering from depression and dysphoria since early childhood, and years of therapy haven't helped me. 

I just want it to end. No more talk from my parents about how my entire existence is a sin. No more feeling like I'm a horrible mistake. And no more feeling like it's going to destroy my relationship and hurt the only person who ever truly loved me. 

I wish there were a way to fix this. I wish my parents had left my body alone and raised me in a way where I could have been myself. But now I feel so lost and alone that I don't even know who or what I am.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKReminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.We know that September 10 was World Suicide Prevention Day.  And, we're all for activism.   But not here, please and thank you.  It takes focus away from our OPs in need of support and understanding.  The fuck did I doI tried to kill myself yesterday but failed thanks to a bad knot. I told my dad about it and he flew 3000 kms to take me back home the next morning. It was the first time I saw him cry. He was wailing like a baby, I felt so horrible in that moment. I was alive with god’s grace, I can’t imagine what he would’ve done if I actually died. I’m feeling so sad even though I dropped out of the uni that led to me being suicidal in the first place. It was a really disturbing sight to see him cry, he’s the rock of our family, he’s been through shit that I could’ve never even given a shot at going through. I’m sorry dad, please understand my predicament, I was in pain, I felt like I was drowning all the time. I was overrun by emotions and saw suicide as the only way out. But you came to my uni and saved me today, thanks you dad. I love you and mama more than anything. I’m sorry to be your sadness, I hope you get well soon.I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymoreFor most of my life, I have found tremendous comfort in knowing that suicide was a dependable way out when everything was just too much.  Like a safety net... but the opposite.  In my mind I would play out different scenarios -- some quick and practical, others more extravagant and poetic.  I would always get that same feeling of freedom that people do when they imagine winning the lotto.  It was a huge help.

Recently, I have been supporting my wife through a very difficult period of grieving, and tonight I realized that if I was to end my life, it would completely break her.  So now, with great sadness, I have had to say goodbye to my reliable friend and protector.  The future seems so much harder now.  Thanks for listening.even though i felt like killing myself i went to this art therapy class and made something todayEver feel like you want to just go to sleep and never wake up instead of actually dying?I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to liveSometimes, I wish I could trade places with a terminal cancer patient who is holding onto life as tightly as he can. I do not have any enthusiasm for life, and it seems like a waste. I feel like I am going through the motions, just waiting to die... and it's going to be a long wait. I have been in therapy for 10 years, and it's constantly like this. I wish euthanasia for mental illness were a thing.

See, there is nothing in this world that brings me joy. I do not have any hobbies, and I do not have a job. I am going to be evicted if I do not find something before May, and while I have been applying, I also don't see the point. I have this black-and-white image in my head-- like a flipbook-- of me going through the motions until I am older enough to retire. I think I would rather cut to the chase because being alive hurts. There mornings where I wake up and take a handful of sleeping pills to make myself fall asleep again. That's really what I am doing... I am waiting to die.

It kind of feels good to type this out. I have not been out of my apartment for almost two weeks. It's almost like I've forgotten what the sound of my own voice sounds like. My boyfriend recently moved away, and we hardly talk anymore. My therapist dumped me (it's a long story + it was kinda my fault, so dont blame her), so I am without support (or structure). I do not have any friends. My family thinks I am being a drama queen and won't "play" this game with me anymore. If I were to kill myself tonight, I wonder how long it would take the world to notice. I imagine it would take a while unless my decomposing body starts to smell and a neighbor complains.

I have prescriptions for a whole cocktail of drugs, but I am not 100% certain that an overdose would be successful. I'm 80% sure since I have stimulants and relaxants and sedatives and with some alcohol-- I don't drink, so I image I don't have a lot of tolerance-- it almost feels like I can pull it off. My biggest fear is failing. I am afraid I will only have a seizure and then have to deal with the aftermath of my suicide attempt. God, I don't want to spend more time in a psych ward. 
I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself.. 

Before you read my true story, I want you to know that I'm not very good at English, as it's my second language so bare with me if I have made grammatical mistakes or anything, and honestly I really haven't opened up about this incident in my life, until today.

Anyway,

This one random late night in March 2017, I decided to download the Tinder app (probably the worst decisions in my life) , but I'm genuinely a introvert person, so it's hard for me to make conversation on spot to get to know people. Most people hop on tinder to troll, some to get laid but I was on it to find "true love". Fast forward to two months of most girls wanting to just party or I was to boring to form a conversation, this one random day I got super liked by this girl named Laura. We both started to talk, we both had a lot of similarities between us and she was literally 2 miles away from my place. It had been 2 weeks, we both still haven't meet but our conversations started to get more personal, and I felt a real connection between us two. We both replied long, it used to take me a good 45mins to an hour to reply, it was just how it was. It was however odd for me that she was really beautiful, and I was a ugly mf. She came from a small town family, where as me, I was a city kid, from a wealthy family (although she didn't know that for along time).

After the 2 weeks of talking, we both decided to meet up for lunch. Like when I say she was simple, she had no idea about brands or anything. I dressed up with some yeezy 750s, she didn't even know them. And some part of me liked that she was like that, because most of the times, I only wore to show off, to feel rich, to feel accepted. One thing about being rich is that, the definition of happiness is so different to what a average person would say. Like an average person has aspirations of having a nice house, a nice car, nice gadgets and all but it's different being born wealthy, like I had everything that anyone would aspire of having, it's different when you have everything. Anyway that just made me like Laura more because she was a simple person, a bit mysterious and I was always curious to know more about her.

We ended up dating for 6 months, and I knew she was the one for me, she was beautiful, she loved me for who I was, I didn't have to pretend to be this cool dude like I did with my friends, she loved the sensitive little bitch I was. Everything was going well, till (Jan 2018) she called and cried, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer at a bad stage, the doctors said they could cure it but he would only survive for a couple of months. Laura was going through some tough times, but I was always with her, trying to make her strong. She would tell me stories about her dad, like how they used to horse ride back when they used to live on farm lands, and how he would work 14 hours everyday just his both daughters could have the life that every other kid had. Tbh that got me so depressed, like the fact that her father sacrificed so much for his kids and all. But no matter what had happened over the next few months, years or the next decade or so, i said to myself that I would always be with Laura, and I wanted to marry her.

We got back to our casual routines, she was getting better and better, and on her birthday 11th of March, I proposed to her, I honestly didn't know if it was the right time or not, but I felt like I needed to tell her that I'm gonna be committed and not just saying it but i wanted to show her. Laura said yes, cried and hugged so hard that I thought she would break my bones, but I knew that this meant a lot to her.

April 11th 2018.

This part is going to be hard for me, as I am typing my fingers are twitching, I'm really scared, because to say it out is something i haven't done... Anyway, on this very day, I picked up Laura, we were driving to the hospital to visit her dad, we went on the highway. Till this high speeding car (prolly doing 150kmph) tried to overtake a vechile in front of us so we were behind this car, but suddenly suddenly the person slammed the brakes and dropped back, causing me to smash into the car. After this moment, I don't remember a thing. It felt like I died, I could hear my surroundings but I couldn't see anything, Idk how long or anything I woke up and the first thing I asked was "what happened to laura?" and my mum started to cry but i thought she was crying for me. I kept asking, and no one replied. Then it hit me, it hit me that she's not alive, and i couldn't understand. It all happened in a flash of a second.. The love of my life was gone, and I could do nothing about it, i didn't know how to take it in, it fucked me up. I only had minor injuries, but I was mentally dead.

Fast forward to a month, I still was in shock, infact I still am.. I went to visit her family, to apologies, but couldn't even let out a word, just cried out loud, but somehow they understood my pain. Laura's dad seemed to be weaker, her mum always had a smile on but she looked so bad, she was in shock and it just made me feel worse and worse. A week later, I found out that Laura's dad had passed away, i wasn't ready for the funeral, I didn't go to laura's too because I couldn't accept it but my mum told me that I had to go to comfort her mum. But laura's mum had completely changed, she didn't want to hear anything from anyone because two of the most people in her life had passed away and I honestly could do nothing but cry looking at her.

Fast forward it to now, there hasn't been a day I felt that I could have done better, I could have reacted better, and if i had turned the other way, maybe I could have died instead of laura, maybe she survived she could have been with her dad for the rest of time, maybe seeing her daughter would have kept him alive for a bit longer, maybe the mum would have been brave having her daughter around. I know it's not my fault, i've heard people say that constantly, it's not fault bro" but I could have done better, to prevent it, and that is stuck in my mind, and always will. I honestly have no hope for life, I just want to die, i can't get over these thoughts, I just hope I die real soon.... It's not that I want sympathy but I just can't deal with it, it hurts.Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?Personally my mom couldn't bear with it so I'm waiting until she passes away. Once this happens I can finally end this misery.I don’t want to die. I just wish I had never existed in the first placeI'm a pedophile and I deserve to dieI wanna die so much. I've never done anything to a kid and I never would but I hate myself so much for my desires. It's also fucking awful to know that I'll never be able to be sexually or romantically satisfied. I feel like I'll never be happy. I'm so scared I'm gonna hurt a kid and I actively avoid them. I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like tonight is a good night. It's Sunday and I'm alone. I'm eating my favorite dinner. Fuck this pointless worldWho the fuck decided we needed 12+ years of school then you need to work a miserable job until you die.  Same fucking routine every day, vacations once a year if you're lucky. How can people not be depressed? You're fucking brainwashed if you think that this is how life is supposed to be. You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?Purposefully running around late at night through shady places

Not paying attention when nearing roads

Almost “accidentally” getting hit by a carThe annoying lexicon of suicide dissuasionIf anyone out here is legitimately on the verge of a crisis and seeking the slightest nudge of a signal from the universe that they ought to just go through with it, I'd strongly urge them to not read any further because I would never dream of being that catalyst to anyone. I'm a miserable, wretched and broken person with the unfortunate burden of being paralytically self-aware which makes me incapable of doing anything that I can poke holes of rationality in.

I fucking hate the entire existing system and lexicon of suicide-support. The hollow meaningless and empty cliched routine that everyone instantly spews at you is just nauseating to me. In a strange way I think it is an effective deterrent because the second someone hears words like "you're not the only one going through this" or "you have so much to live for" or "things will get better", I imagine that even at least a tiny part of their brains is so revolted by what they hear that they're momentarily distracted from their hopes to end it all. For gods fucking sake could people shut the fuck up for one second and stop talking to me like I'm a fragile little toddler having the news of my parents impending divorce broken to me or something?

If you'll bear with me and be patient, let me explain myself. We're all fully realized, functioning adults here. We don't get to the point of contemplating suicide because our favorite boyband broke up. We don't need banal paltry consolation from random strangers on the internet who will say to us "Your'e not alone, we understand", before vanishing and never having any form of meaningful contact with us again. What is the point of some arbitrary words of kindness from a person who has absolutely nothing to do with your life? The reason we're in this fucking mess here is because of people in OUR own lives, tragedies in OUR own lives, failures, loss, heartbreak, devastation, clinical  depression that you can't afford to treat and even if you could afford to treat it, the side effects of the medication include even more suicidal thoughts. 

I wish people would just respect that we all have our own troubled journeys and we all have our reasons for posting here. It is incredibly short-sighted, offensively stupid and patronizing for someone else who has no idea what you have been through to just tell you that everything is going to be hunky dory. I wish people would just say "You know what, I hear you. I get it. You do what you need to." Because that to me is exponentially more empathetic, meaningful, profound and compassionate than the typical "no you're wrong, stop what you're doing, think of everyone who will miss you" bullshit approach.

That's even the thing that bothers me so much about professional help. I'm literally dying here, dragging my disgusting raggedy corpse out of bed every day is pure agony, I physically cannot even cry any more because I'm so dehydrated from all the crying from the night before, the only reason I get out of bed is to go take a piss after jerking off 14 times a day for the temporary 30-second high of endorphins it gives me that is enough to get me to walk to the fridge and drink some expired orange juice. And a stranger has the audacity to tell me that it's entirely my responsibility to work even harder to save even more money and to seek out a professional therapist to talk to. Do you see what's inherently fucked up about that? It's not the responsibility of indifferent parents who know so little about you that they wouldn't understand 90&#37; of your suicide note if you left them one. It's not the responsibility of the people who treated you like shit, of your friends who haven't noticed anything was wrong in over 6 years and who wouldn't ever even know you were dead because your facebook profile would still be up. There's nobody. It's all you. YOU ALONE are expected to try even harder when you can barely walk, you weigh 15 pounds, your hair is falling out, your teeth are loose, it is your responsibility to seek help. 

Let me give you a hypothetical. Let's say that the very problem that I have is that I have nobody in my life who would WANT to talk to me of their own accord. That's my problem - that nobody wants to talk to me. Then how is the solution to that problem to PAY somebody to talk to me? That simply furthers the problem by reinforcing the point. That even a designated "helper" will only talk to me if I incentivize them with money. And so the problem persists. I don't want a shrink. I don't want random strangers who spew meaningless well wishes just so they can feel warm and fuzzy inside and imagine they helped someone somewhere across the world. I just want people to be fucking honest and real for one solitary second and say "Damn dude. Shit sounds rough. I honestly don't know what I'd do if I were in your position. If you think killing yourself is the most viable option you have - I guess you've probably already considered every other alternative. You do you. Godspeed." That would mean the world to me. That would be such a pure, profound, refreshingly objective thought. And that would help more than any of the other sugar-coated infantile nonsense.

We're fucking people. We still have to work hard every day to even afford to pay the electricity bills and the internet bills so we can come on Reddit and navigate to Suicide Watch and type a post here. We're not goddamn idiots who are gullible enough to think everything is all unicorns and rainbows just cause a stranger tells us that our parents will miss us when we're gone. Some of us have shitty fucking parents or no parents at all. Some off our corpses won't be discovered for months because we're just that lonely and nobody in our lives gives two fifths of a fuck about us to even wonder if something is wrong if we don't answer our phones a couple of times. Some of us are ONLY still alive because our cats need to be fed and if we were gone, they'd end up in a shelter because we have nobody else who would take them in. 

I don't know man. I've rambled on long enough and probably incited enough downvotes by this point. I just wish people didn't have such a simplistic view of things. It's not like you can walk up to a depressed person and say "hey don't be sad" and they'll be like "omg wow! i never saw it that way before! i'm all better now!". You can't go up to a suicidal person and say "hey, don't kill yourself." It'd be so much better if you could say "hey, I get it. I'm sorry. Maybe nobody in your life will miss you. I probably won't miss you either. But I do hope you make it out of this sometime."My name is JohnI don't know what I'm looking for here. I just want to be heard. I'm posting this on my actual account because I want people to know who I am.

Every day I wake up to a physical pain in my chest. It's the kind of pain that can't be rid of through Aspirin or ibuprofen or Tylenol, it's much like hunger, except it can't be satiated. Every day I wake up and feel it. But I go to class; I do homework; I smile; I laugh; all because that's what people are supposed to do. I'm supposed to get dressed and walk out of my apartment every day prepared to take on the world. But I can't. I'm tired. I'm sick of it all. I'm sick of being alone. 

Every day I cry. Most of the time it's when my roommate is gone, but sometimes I don't have that luxury. I work at my school's library, and the other day I was assigned to sort books. While I was working, I lost it. I had to sit in the bathroom for 10 minutes and try to collect myself. When I finally left, I stared at the same title for 30 minutes, all while contemplating walking out of my shift and ending it.

I just don't know what to do. I've never had a girlfriend, and I was a virgin up until 21 til I finally had enough and paid a prostitute. It was shit. I couldn't perform because I was drunk, and she was obviously just in it for the money. No passion whatsoever. All through high school I watched my friends get in relationships. I listened to them talk about relationships and hung out with them and their girlfriends. I enjoyed their company, I considered them friends, but every day something inside of me collapsed a little.

Then, finally, at 22 I met a girl through Tinder. I really really REALLY enjoyed talking to her. We talked for like two weeks before we met up, and it was the first time I've been happy in years. Every day I was checking my phone multiple times a minute. Some people say that a relationship won't fill the hole inside of you, but after that night I can say with certainty that it is exactly what is missing in my life. I want someone to want me and enjoy my company. 

When we met up, I thought things went well. We hooked up. The sex was good - really fucking good - but what made me the happiest was the fact that someone liked me enough to do it with me. But a day later she messaged me and told me that she found me too awkward to talk to and that we shouldn't talk to each other any more. Now, this was a woman who has slept with nine other guys, some of whom were one night stands, and kept in touch with *every* other one of them. This was a woman who dated a man who could only eat pizza, burgers, and french fries, because he had such a bad case of anxiety that any other foods would cause him to break down.

But *I* was too awkward to keep in touch with. *I* was too much work. 

And that broke me. Whatever it was inside of me that had been giving all my life finally collapsed. For years, I've tried to socialize. I've tried clubs, I've tried jobs, I've tried talking to people around me in classes, and it hasn't done anything. I thought maybe it was because I wasn't physically attractive, but then I got in shape and it changed nothing. So I gained a little weight back, and then I met her. I had a chance with a girl. I thought she liked talking to me as I liked talking to her. But I was wrong.

Through her I discovered the truth; I'm fundamentally flawed. I can't socialize. I'm not attractive. There is *nothing* physically impressive about me. I have no hobbies. I'm boring as shit. I'm awkward. I have no redeeming qualities *at all*. I don't know what to do about it either. I tried a number of hobbies. Skateboarding, puzzles, reading, television, exercise, drawing, instruments, etc. It all bored the shit out of me. I had *zero* fun. 

I lie to everyone. I tell people I got laid in high school. I tell them I had a good size friend group. The truth is, I've never had more than a couple friends at a time, and I've never been in a relationship. Every day this eats me up. Every day I wake up, I'm disappointed that I didn't fucking die in my sleep.My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago.My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago. They were having a fight; she was angry and vindictive like always, they were screaming and arguing at each other. He was fed up with her shit and finally decided to leave her. She called the cops. He got in his car to leave. "He's got a gun" she screams. My cousin puts his hands up. Cops think he's raising a gun and they shoot him 14 times. My cousin is left in a semi comatose state. Over the next couple of weeks the hospital sends us updates of his condition; they claim he's improving rapidly and regaining neural and motor functions. It was all lies, He died in the hospital one week later. The Cops claim he was standing when he pointed a gun at them and they acted in self defense. More lies. The ballistics show that he was sitting in the car when he was shot.  For the longest time I never accepted that he was dead, It just never seemed real to me and For the longest time I have been suppressing my emotions but recently this horrible feeling of dread has been seeping over me. The thought of death or dying sends me into a state of intense anxiety complete with Panic attacks. I cant take this anymore; every time it happens I just think over and over again "Why me"  "Why did things have to be like this" "I wish i never even had these thoughts" I don't want to feel like this anymore. This is no way to live I shouldn't have to feel like this every day. I want to Die. But i cant. It would cause my family too much grief and they would never understand why i did it. The Last thing I want to do is to spread grief to my family. I wish I had never of been born so I would never have to experience these feelings.
(I apologize for this rambling wall of text, I am an awful writer)It feels weird when I remember that suicide is such a scary thing for most people to discuss. I keep forgetting that most people aren't suicidal, and that even the slightest mention of it can make them panic.At this point I've been suicidal for so long that it's just part of my life. It feels like you have your job, your hobbies, etc, and your suicidal thoughts. Apparently not for most people though.

Anytime anyone ever finds out that I'm suicidal, I'm actually pretty surprised by how much of a reaction it inspires in them.Does anyone else have things that happen in their lives that your immediate reaction to is, "I should kill myself"? Because that's nearly everything to me.No friends. I should kms. Everyone around me in school hates me. I should kms. Ex-friends around me all the time. Kms. Ex-lovers around me all the time. Kms. Classes are anxiety inducing and terrible. Kms. My past? Kms. My present? Kms. My future? K.M.S.72, Female, Helpless, Useless and Unable to CopeI am 72.  Last year my husband of 50 years decided to divorce me.  I have total income of $1100.00.  Can't find a residence for less than $850.inclluding utilities.  Don't know how to be poor.  Have debts that are huge.  Have no living family.  Soon won't be eating and don't care to go to the food bank.  Social Services won't help because I have 10K in the bank.  I've had and been treated for depression since I was 15.  The meds work OK normally, but these are not normal times for me.  I can't last much longer.  I struggle each night to not finish it all.  One night it will be too strong an urge.  I look forward to that day.17 Days LaterMy camp was destroyed, I'm going to hang myselfI went into the town centre today to hand my CV into as many places as possible, I managed to get a hot meal from a local church before heading home. 

While I was gone (9+hours) someone had broken into my camp and destroyed my tent with everything inside then lit it on fire...

Karma is a bitch. I deserve this.

I can't do this anymore, I don't have the energy to continue.

I take one step forward and it life sends me ten steps back.

I'm done, I'm ready to see my family again, I'll see them soon.

I'm going to use the spare cord from the tent that wasn't destroyed and hand myself.

This is goodbye, Andrew.I understand suicide now. Trust me, it's not a choice. It's an action.I was abused last year, and I've paid dearly for it. Pretty much with my life. The same people who didn't understand me when I called for help, blamed it on me. Everything has been taken away from me, including my dignity and personality. People help you but they get tired and then they think you're a liar. 

I just want to say that if you're out there, and you've had suicidal thoughts, I totally understand. I get it now. I believe that those who suicide are too pure for this world. The most beautiful souls don't fit in here. It's always the good ones that suffer.

I'm with you. Just know that I know. I know that feeling. The world thinks it understands, but it doesn't. I'm there with you in this moment, in that feeling you have. In the pain. In the misunderstanding, in the absense of justice. I don't have an answer and I don't have any comforting words, but I'm with you.Does anyone else feel like they don't want to kill themselves but they wish to die everyday?It's hard to kill yourself here, and the person I trusted the most to talk to betrayed me. I just wish everyday maybe a car will hit me, or some mugger will shoot me in the head. Nobody knows who I am. Remember me. Please.I'm sorry this is so long.

Nobody knows who I am. I haven't had a friend in years. I don't remember what friendship was like. When I talk to people, something always feels off, as if I'm speaking a different language or something. I just want someone to know me. It's so lonely and cold and empty and I just want to scream so loud that I hurt myself.
I was born in Alabama. I was an accident, my dad was and still is a meth addict. My mom is great and has raised me all these years. She left my real dad when his addiction got too bad. I was about 2 or 3, maybe younger. We moved to a new town, she met a new guy. My step dad. He was good at first. We moved to Texas for his new job, he broke. 
Something in his changed. He became abusive. He didn't hit me, and he only hit my mom once, but he was verbally and emotionally abusive. She was with him from when I was in first grade to fifth grade. 
He started storing food and water in his room. Note, his room. My mom slept in my room with me because she hated him. He thought we were going to poison him. 
Both him and my mom became alcoholics during this time, and would drink bottles of wine and then scream at each other all night.
Even though I was going through this, those were the happiest years of my life. Or maybe I'm just looking back with rose tinted glasses. At school I had so many friends and everyone liked me. Everyone though I was funny. 
In fifth grade my depression and anxiety started. I started to realize I was fatter then my friends and it hurt to think about. They started making fun of me for wearing undershirts instead of bras.
 My best friend was a boy named Ben. I loved him and I still do. I think about him a lot. His dad forced him to stop being my friend because it was "gay" to be a close friend with a girl. He pushed me away and now he's gone. 
I got chosen to do a speech at my school assembly because everyone liked me. It was for a pep rally. I was supposed to announce the winner of the fundraiser or some shit like that. They changed it at the last second, had some random old guy who donated to the school announce it instead. So they made me go up there with no plan and just wing it. I froze and everyone laughed at me. Or maybe they didn't, I don't know what's real and what's my anxiety imagining things anymore. 
I started lying a lot around this time too. Not to my parents, by to everyone else. I made up elaborate fake lives, I still do. They're nothing special, just, different.
My mom divorced my step dad in fifth grade. I had to keep visiting him for a while. He had completely lost it by then and would probably have killed us both if we hadn't left. One time I was at his house, my old house, and tried to run away because I was scared of him. He caught me and called the police on me. I don't know why. My neighbors were watching and called my mom. They were good people. 
The policeman got there and said I was lying. He told me my mom was putting all the thoughts of abuse in my head. Then, he forced me to hug my step dad while I screamed and cried in fear. That memory is one of the worst ones I have. He left, and I had to stay at my dads house still. 
He blackmailed my mom into giving him everything. The money, the car, the house, my dog. Just out of spite. I miss her. Her name was ginger. She'd probably be around 10 years old right now if she is still alive. I don't know if she is. I miss her even after all this time. We packed everything into a cheap car and moved back to Alabama. I lost everything. 
I started to realize I was different in middle school. I did weird things, I acted weird. I would touch other people's hair becuase I liked the way it looked. I still acted like a very young child even at 11. Don't know why. I didn't have a single friend in 6th grade. 
In 7th grade, I became truly depressed. I did ha e someone though. Her name was Mary. She's gone now too.
In 8th grade, I had a bigger group of friends. Everyone still thought I was weird though. I still did weird things, dressed weird too. I know there's probably something wrong with me but my mom is too scared to take me to a doctor to get diagnosed. She thinks medicine is bad. Pills specifically. That's why I'm not allowed any anti depressants either. 
When highschool started, my social anxiety was so bad that I started homeschooling. The homeschooling laws are so lax in Alabama that I barely did anything except play the sims all day. 
In 10th grade, we became poor. Lost the car, lost everything almost. She got a new job in Ohio, we moved again. I lost all of my friends again.
I homeschooled at first, then started going to the local highschool. I thought everything had changed, that I could be normal. It was hell. Everyone hated me. My favorite memory is when I walked into a room to get something, only to hear "does she seriously dress like that? Wow.". It hurt. We were still pretty poor and I was doing the best I could. All of my clothes were from goodwill. There was one guy there who was nice to me. His name was evan. I hope he has a good life, he was one of the best people I've ever met.
Luckily I'm kind of smart and got into a program that let me start college early, so for 11th grade that's what I've been doing. It's so lonely. It's so fucking lonely I just want to scream and scream and scream but I can't. I've never know what it's like to be in love with someone who loves you. I've never kissed anyone or even held hands or anything close. I feel so fat and ugly all of the time even when people tell me I'm not. I posted on amiugly and everyone said I was pretty, I thought it would help but it didn't. 
I've become very paranoid. I'm scared all of the time that people are out to get me, that my life is a simulation, that I'm dead. I talk to myself. Either comforting words telling myself it's ok or long spiraling sentences about what a disgusting fat cunt I am. I'm scared.
I told my mom about the depression, and the anxiety. She doesn't know I'm suicidal. That I've been planning out what best way to end it for months. I can't go to therapy. There's a huge scholarship learning abroad program I'm signing up for and they won't let me go if I'm a fucking loon. 
So I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. The only reason I haven't ended it is because I want someone to remember me, to mourn me, other than my mom. 
I have a sister. I only found out about her when I was 11ish. She's my half sister in my dads side. I don't know how old she is anymore. I was so happy to meet her. It was so good to have a sibling. I felt like I had a real family. She left for college and immediately stopped talking to me. I haven't heard from her in years. The last thing she texted me was a happy birthday text a few years ago. I miss her. She was good. 
Her and my dad won't even know I'm dead. My last birthday was sad. I had been planning out my sweet 16 for years. I didn't have any birthday parties for years because I wanted to have one big one. When it finally came around, I didn't have anybody to invite. It was just me and my mom. I ate some cake, opened my presents, and played video games. Not terrible at all, but not what I had been dreaming of since childhood.
I'm supposed to turn 17 next month. March the 20th. Please remember me. Please if you have the time, read my story. You'll be the only people to know it except for me. I hope you remember me. I just want someone to know me again. It's so cold being alone.

Goodbye
-mimi 


Edit: 
I didn't think people would care this much. The support I have received from all of you is legitimately amazing. So, thank you. I think I'm going to try and get some help, even if I have to put my studies on hold. Im trying to reply to everyone, sorry that it's taking so long.

See you later
-mimi We’re selfish for wanting to die, but other people aren’t selfish for wanting us to stay alive when we have no drive or real reason to fight the temptation.Do you ever just sit in bed alone, and realize that no one would notice you missing? Everyone cares only after they announce your death.Anyone else just living day by day, remembering nothing, thinking about nothing, enjoying very little, and being incredibly lonely, but almost as if it's sort of your own fault? Like you've done this to yourself?I cannot verbally explain to anyone over a text, or a call, or by any other means how terrible I feel as of this moment. There are too many reasons and too many complicated situations that I would have to explain for anyone to even have the slightest idea of what kind of pain I'm in at this time. 

Maybe I'm being overbearing...

Its almost as if my chest is hurting? I forget everything? I have no drive? I'm going to grow up to be that old man who tells those kids to "chase their dreams or end up like me." 

Just kill me. I'm in the queue for a suicide chat and there's 54 people ahead of meIt's kind of depressing that there are so many of us.Caution: There's a PM troll active in SW. If you get a nasty message after posting here, be aware that this person is doing this randomly, and IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU.We're doing all we can to put a stop to this criminal (at least one person we're aware of has gone to prison for inciting suicide online) activity, but in the meantime, please be forewarned.  

This person is using freshly-created accounts for hateful messages to our OPs.  If you get one, do let us know, and click "report" on the PM which both brings it to the attention of the admins and permanently removes it from your inbox.  

**Edit:**  If you don't feel comfortable posting because of this risk, please feel free to [message the mod team](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSuicideWatch) instead.  We will be glad to talk to you privately.If you get a snarky pro-suicide PM after posting here, IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU! Somebody's doing this randomly and indiscriminately.This sticky post is here to take away the element of surprise, which we hope will make it a bit less upsetting for anyone who gets one of these messages.  We also hope it will make it less fun for the twisted <expletive> who's doing this.  The PMs are coming from a variety of different reddit accounts.  

If you get one, please click "report" as this brings the message to the attention of the reddit admins.  As moderators we don't have any ability to see or regulate PMs, but we have also used the channels available to us to make the admins aware of what's been happening.

I've been reading this sub for the pass 4 hours, and think I don't want to kill myself anymore.I might be a waste of space and money to everyone I love

But I feel , I don't want to kill myself about it.

 I think tomorrow, I will try to work on it, and hopefully,become something worth loving again : )

Edited: 

I really appreciate your kind comments, but today was another awful day.

A lot of you asked me  to talk about it, so here is more background

 I have to admit, I don't have the courage to kill myself, but I am still hating every minute my life now

My problem is simple. I am sick , not my body , but my mind. I can't fix it, my psychiatrist can't fix it, my psychologist can't fix it. Meds can't fix it neither.

I don't know what to do, I feel like I am impresioned in my own body. This is slowly killing everything nice I had in my life. 

I know you will say, *it's only your mind you can fix it!*. But I am being In this for 10 painful years and there is little to no improvement. Just pain, day after day

Every day , I have to look to ones I love and feel the disappointment. The rage, the sadness of my condition. Today, the same happened , the same way it happened day after day for a decade.

I don't know what to do. I would give everything to be okey again. There would be no price I would not pay, but I feel there is no real solution to my condition than an slow and solitary deathI want to go to my therapist just to tell her to fuck off.I started seeing a therapist. This lady I actually liked. She told me the next time I wanted to cut myself or really wanted to kill myself, to go to the emergency room. I did that. She told me they would give me attention and medication and really help me. I stayed there over night about 8 hours. A therapist in some other city video chatted me after being there for 8 hours. I had to use a prison toilet - in socks. She said I think you’re stable enough to go home and you’ll be fine just keep seeing your therapist. That’s it. Yesterday I got a bill in the mail for $3,711. For that one night where they did nothing. Nothing. I had to reschedule my appointments this month because I just switched jobs and couldn’t afford my co-pay. I have phenomenal insurance and those fucks charged me $3711? After insurance? For locking me in a room so I could video chat some random bitch that might be a doctor. How pathetic do I feel after begging them for help and they do nothing. A lot of my unnecessary stress is money. Why is it so expensive to get help? Why did it take every therapist over a week just to call me back and set an appointment for me a month in advance? Why does everyone tell you to get help but they never tell you how hard it is? It’s so fucking expensive. Getting a bill in the mail for 4 grand when you’re suicidal doesn’t make you excited to live. I now have a hatred for every person in the medical field cheating people out of their money and their health. Fuck you to those people that send the bills and a big fuck you to my asshole therapist. 

I plan to say these things to her in a kinder tone and ask her why she would recommend that for me. I’m really hurt because I trusted her and it only embarrassed me and made my life worse. I hate myself so much and it made me feel even more worthless. I won’t cuss at her or disrespect her but this is my life. I went to her for help. I needed someone who could really help and now I can’t trust any of them. I admitted that I was suicidal to my boss, and his response resulted in cutting myself.I, a 23 year old female, am a teacher, rejected multiple times, but now teach yet again. Worded that pretty stupidly but... anyways.

I was reported by some of my co-workers that I have been doing my job poorly. In what way, I don't know. Maybe the pauses in between sentences, dragging out words, or arriving to the classroom 15 minutes late. I went to the principal's office and asked what exactly is preventing my potential. Told him instantly about my depression, due to some advice given to me in this website. He said that I'm faking it for an excuse to slack, or that I'm looking for attention. I just abruptly left.

It reminded me of how cruel and heartless people can be, and how worthless I am in the grand scheme of things. One thing lead to another and... read title.

This abyss keeps getting deeper and deeper.Got a fortune cookie that said “it’s not the end yet, let’s stay with it” directly after my last postCrazy stuff [UPDATE] Goodbye everyone. I'm doing it now.Previous posts:

[Goodbye everyone. I'm doing it now.](https://reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/9b1eoy/goodbye_everyone_im_doing_it_now/?st=jlqu9f40&sh=03d6ad0f)

[I'm 52 and life can't be this difficult?](https://old.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/9au698/im_52_and_life_cant_be_this_difficult/?st=jlqu9vd9&sh=65d23deb)

I attempted suicide by hanging myself about a week ago. I did not succeed. Broke my jaw and nearly broke my neck.

I would rather not go into details about what exactly happened and how I managed to survive, but I did spend some time in the hospital. I am home now and surrounded by a few loved ones.

I am seeing a specialist this afternoon.

Jesus fuck what the hell was I thinking?

**Edit: Thank you to everyone, I love you all!  :)**I no longer want to die.The past few months have been difficult but I think I’ve finally come out of this depression. The day I was going to end it all, my boyfriend come over and took me for a long walk. I finally realized I have something to fight for. I know there will still be hard times in the future but right now I’m living in the present. Thank you to everyone in this subreddit for helping me. Keep fighting.
Edit: Wow, I didn't expect this to get so much attention. I'm glad to help. <3If I kill myself my mom will be absolutely devastated.That's really the only thing keeping me here. I woke up depressed (as usual) and found a package with my name on it. My mom had got me a pair of earrings for Valentine's Day along with a card telling me how much I mean to her. Instead of making me happy, it made me really sad. I don't deserve this. Threw all of my bullets in the river this morning.I'm not gonna lose. This isn't gonna beat me. Last time I felt like this, I threw my firing pin into my back yard. Once I felt better, I found it, cleaned it, and put it back. 

But at this point, I don't think I can ever have a gun again. got rid of the bullets first, since without them, it's useless. I think I'm just gonna drop it off at the police station and tell them I don't want it anymore.  


It's just so hard to fight. I don't want to be alive. I want to die. 

Things have happened to me in the past two weeks that could break even the strongest person. 

I found out my ex, who I still cared about deeply, was beaten to death. She died cold and lonely, with nothing. In the street in front a a fucking Salvation Army soup kitchen. She stole clothes to stay warm. And some asshole decided she needed to die for that. 

I found out that I have cancer. Even best case scenario, I am in for a ton of pain and misery. And that's if I even make it. I really hope I don't. 

And then, to top it all off: 

I got the girl of my dreams pregnant. 

The baby is gone. 

And she won't talk to me, at all. 

I'm not even sure what happened. Did she abort it? Did she miscarry? Was she trying to keep it? I can't get over the fact that I may never know the answers to these, and so many more questions. 

Like, we knew she might be pregnant. And she seemed to not hate me. But then, all in one message, she tells me that she was pregnant for sure, and now she isn't, and she doesn't want to talk to me anymore. 

How can you just give someone news like that and then disappear? 

I kinda wish I still had those bullets. And that's why I needed to throw them out. 

Even if no one ever sees this, it felt good to get it out. I have a therapy appointment in 8 days, and I'm just trying to hold out until then. A few months ago I set a deadline. That deadline, March 12 has arrived.When I last [posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/5mmg7z/i_set_a_deadline/), life seemed completely miserable with no possibility of it getting any better. I continued living day to day, mostly miserable and feeling absolutely lifeless inside. I continued my daily activities with that fake smile so no one would suspect my plan to jump off that bridge with a rope around my neck. Then an unanticipated trip abroad to an exotic land halfway around the world popped up. Then came an out of the blue reconnecting with an old friend. Then came a tiny puppy into my life. Things aren't completely terrible at the moment. To quote Hyperbole and a Half, "Maybe everything isn't hopeless bullshit." For the moment, I want to live.PSA from the SuicideWatch Mod Team: We're getting a lot of complaints about generic "uplifting" or "I love you" type posts and comments. Please read and follow guideline 4c in the sidebar.We realise that most of the people who put up posts and comments of this nature want to help, and, if they haven't read the guidelines, it probably hasn't occurred to them that this might not be the right thing to do. But a) it's likely to backfire and b) there's no excuse for not reading the rules!

Responding to a suicidal person with messages like this (excerpted from a recent responder who we'll keep anonymous because they probably meant well):

>  You are not a failure. You are smart, you are young, you have an entire life to live. It is not impossible to become that person you want to be. You can be great.

is incredibly invalidating. If the person you're talking to were capable of believing that, they probably wouldn't be at serious risk for suicide.  And inflicting anything on them along the lines of "you can do anything you want" or "life is worth living", just disrespects their feelings and increases their sense of personal failure, because they can't do what you told them to do, believe what you told them to believe, or feel what you told them to feel.  As feeling like a failure and/or a burden is one of three most critical risk factors for death by suicide, it is not hyperbole to say that ***these so-called "empowering" messages kill people***.  

Guideline 4c links to [a previous PSA post](http://redd.it/1cep2h) that covers in more depth the reasons why this sort of "cheering-up" is absolutely against the rules here.  If you have any questions, please [shoot us a modmail](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23SuicideWatch).  

App users, remember you can get to our sidebar here:  http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/about/sidebar

Our concerns aside, we are incredibly grateful to everyone who steps up and helps support our vulnerable OPs.  There's lots of stuff in the sidebar, especially [the talking tips](http://redd.it/igh87) that we've put together to help you be more effective, and avoid dangerous intervention strategies.

**Edit:**  One other very dangerous type of message is "It gets better".  Because of the prominence of The Trevor Project and other similar initiatives, a lot of people seem to be coming to us with the idea that "It gets better" is not just an okay thing, but the *best* thing, to say to any suicidal person.  Nothing could be more wrong.  "It gets better" comes out of an initiative to reach LGBT youth who are being bullied and harassed in school.  And the getting better refers strictly to those behaviours, which *do* get better, on their own, with time, as people's peer groups get older.  It's a message intended to keep these kids from getting to the point where they're at risk for suicide.  But as a "hopeful" message for someone at risk, it's worse than useless.  First, it makes promises on behalf of the Universe - and the Universe may not keep them.  Second, it offers no understanding, but devalues or even trivializes their agony.  It’s really sad how lonely being suicidal isLike, you can’t talk to anyone. 

And if you can, it’s like maybe one or two people. Half of them are probably your medical team, who check in with you once or twice a week, and are paid to care about you. 

You know all your “family and friends care” but it’s impossible to talk to them. You don’t want them to overreact. You don’t want them to worry. 

You can’t hang out with your friends anymore because you have nothing positive or noteworthy to say. No one wants to go to dinner or to a bar and hear about how you hate living. You don’t want to bring the mood down all the time. 

And the one person you trust to talk to can’t handle all of your stress. You can’t rely on just that person. It takes a toll on them and stresses them out too, so now you start censoring yourself and feel like you can’t tell them everything. 

And then you’re just stuck with your thoughts in your head. Wondering what’s the best thing to do. 


And then there’s the planning. 

What to write in your note saying goodbye. What to do with your dog. How to leave your apartment. What date to set. 

I just wish euthanasia was legal so I could die with my friends and family by my side. I wish I could talk freely about my thoughts and plans, and have support in my decision. I wish someone could be by my side in my last moments. 

But no, I have to do this alone. And it’s so lonely. 

I’m not afraid of dying. I’m slowly learning to not be afraid if I fail trying to die, and die suffering slowly and painfully. I just wish I wasn’t lonely through it all. I wish someone could hold my hand and hug me before I go.  I'm never calling a hotline againYesterday was the second time they called the cops on me. I begged them not to, i refused to give away my location. They still found me, shoved me in their van and took me to the hospital. At the hospital i waited 5 hours for someone to talk to me before they got a mental health professional then, who i had to regurgitate my entire life story to before being promptly dismissed. I would have rather just died than go through all of that. When ever something bad happens my head always goes to kill your selfI wish that nobody loved me.Then I wouldn't have to feel guilty for wanting to die.Does anyone else think about suicide/death a lot but won’t actually do anything?I just feel like death is constantly in my mind. I wonder when it will be. I wonder if it’ll hurt and what happens after. I often fantasize about dying in a horrible accident that way it wouldn’t be as bad as suicide to my family. Just to think whenever I’m driving it’s just a pull towards a tree and I wonder what’s stopping me. 

I’m not trying to promote this thinking at all! Just wondering if anyone else gets these thoughts? It’s just like death wont leave me alone.I think the main reason why I don't kill myself is because I don't want my cats to be sadTitle sounds like a joke. It's not.

Me: 41 years old and I've never, not once in my adult life, felt that I belonged anywhere. My childhood wasn't bad (no abuse or anything like that), but my parents divorced shortly after I was born. I have no memory of them being together. Looking back, I spent a lot of it being passed around. Sometimes I'm living with my mother. Sometimes with my father. Sometimes with my grandparents. Meanwhile, no one was much interested in teaching me anything or raising me or developing a bond. They were just keeping me alive. My parents were young and stupid (both were 20 when I was born). My grandparents were giving, but distant. They gave me junk food and plopped me in front of a TV.

At some point, around ten years old I developed a stutter and could hardly get through a sentence for most of my adolescence. I couldn't even say my own name. I remember being 15 and 16 and wondering how the hell I was going to get through adult life constantly struggling to talk. I was seriously thinking that I would have to pretend to be a mute and somehow make that work. It was preferable to burdening everyone with me trying to say a simple sentence. 

Today, I'm still a stutterer, but I can work with it. Stuttering is awful when you're young and aren't yet comfortable in your own skin and are constantly grappling with insecurity. 

When you've lived with it for awhile though and you've been around the block, you can get good at hiding it. You get better at choosing your words. You also care less about everyone accepting you. With that burden off your shoulders, a stutterer can get by all right. Even when you have the odd tremor, it's more a conversation piece than an embarrassment. 

Yet, I still feel like I don't belong anywhere in this world. I never joined the rest of the world. I have no real friends. Family connections are tenuous. The family I was closest to are all dead (my mother passed on Christmas Day 1998, due to liver disease from her heavy drinking; my grandmother passed in 2005).

I thought I would be done with all of this loner outsider shit by the time I reached my 40s, but I'm not. And I don't know why. Maybe I've made my bed here and I don't know how to make it anywhere else.

One thing that I can say about myself is that I'm not angry. I don't want to hurt anyone. I don't hate anyone. My situation is no one's fault, except mine, and people have risen from much sadder circumstances than mine. My story isn't anything special.

I've just always been sad. I don't know how to be anything other than sad. And I hide it. I HATE the idea of burdening anyone else with my problems so I keep them bottled up. I cover up my problems with either jokes or lots of aloof mystery depending on how much I like the people I'm around.

I've thought about suicide. I've stared at pill bottles. I've given serious thought to razoring my wrists in the bath tub. 

BUT I've never done it. Never even tried. 

My feeling about suicide is that you should do it only after you've exhausted EVERY last possible move that might make you keep yourself alive. Hate your life? Change it. Quit your job. Get a new one. Change your habits. Talk to someone, even if it's a bartender. Start painting. Start a blog. Learn how to play guitar or how to knit or how to build something. Come up with a goal, even if it's very modest and silly. If it's not self-destructive and it gets you to stop thinking about yourself all of the time, it's a good thing. Maybe it will lead to even more goals that you want to be alive to accomplish.

Last year, when I was feeling really low and ready eat a bottle of sleeping pills for breakfast, I reached out for my idea of a life line:

I adopted a cat.

A young cat. Five months old. A girl with a lot of life left in her. 

I brought her home and after she spent about an hour exploring my lonely apartment, she jumped into my lap and went to sleep.

And I started crying. Overcome with emotion. I knew right then that I loved her. And that no matter how sad I am, I need to live so that I can take care of her. 

A few months later, I thought that she could use another kitty friend so I adopted another cat, a little boy, a few months younger than her. 

After a rough first week, they eventually became friends and I now love them both equally. In fact, all of the love in my heart that nobody seems to want I shower on these two cats. They get nothing but endless affection from me. I only buy them the best, most healthy food (according to my research, at least). I talk to them and play with them daily. If I somehow won an all-expenses-paid trip to Paris or somewhere today, I honestly don't think I would want it. As sad it may sound, I'd miss my cats too much. 

A cat's love is interesting. They place no importance on pleasing you, so they don't cuddle with you or jump into your arms on command (at least my cats won't). Sometimes they do though, and it's amazing. Cats look at you as their servant, which, to me, is funny and cute and a role that I'm happy to fill. It keeps me sane in a weird way.

Meanwhile, cats do become attached to you. Mine follow me everywhere. They sleep next to me (or on me) in my bed. If something scares them (the sound of the garbage truck or a thunderstorm), they run to me for protection. We hide together underneath a blanket.

I love them so, so much.

They haven't cured my depression, but they have given me something to live for. The thought of them going back to an animal shelter or ending up on the street or with someone who doesn't love them as much as I do all because I had to be an idiot and slash my wrists is too awful to think about. They belong with me and I belong to them. 

And my cats are both young. My little girl is a year and three months; my little boy is about to turn 1. 

Helping them live long, healthy lives has become my goal. These cats could conceivably be around for twenty more years. And I need to be here to serve them. 

I can't kill myself. I've got a job to do.Does anyone else ever feel like they are destined to kill themselves?I'm at the point where I don't even feel the sadness nor the depression. I'm slowly losing sense of my identity and feeling a vast wave of emptiness. I feel like my life isn't even mine anymore.Does anyone else feel suicidal almost everyday but not act on it ever?When I say not act on it I mean I've never self harmed, never attempted any kind of suicide or damage. But everyday I wake up feeling like whats the point? The main reason I haven't is fear in case I mess it up and I am in pain or disabled for the rest of my life and the other is letting people down, worried my fiance and Mum would blame themselves.

I highly doubt I would ever do it but this is the worst I have ever felt. I have been fine for a while, got engaged just 2 weeks ago but now I am bad again.

Just looking for people in similar situations to talk toIf I knew that I would start over my life in a different body if I die, I would definitely kill myself immediately.Anyone else?My depression has made me become such a good liar. It’s frightening.When you tell everyone you’re okay but you’re actually not. 

You promise them you won’t do something, but your mind tells you otherwise. 

It’s hurts being under such intense emotional pain. 

It’s hard seeming like you’re the happiest person out there and fully functioning but know deep down inside while you’re alone that you’re so fucking unhappy. So fucking unhappy. Declining people suicide, is a lot like forcing someone into a car, never letting them out until the car breaks down, and getting pissed off that they want out.Hey, I reached out on here a while ago, it's one of the main reasons I'm still here. Just want to say thank you. I'm in a better place now.Warning: PM methods troll is aboutSomeone is threatening to PM vulnerable SW users with suicide methods. Reddit admins have been warned.

If you receive such a PM, please realize that the sender wishes you harm and does so purely out of revenge for being banned. Then [message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23SuicideWatch) so we can act on it.

Also, please upvote this for visibility.Do you ever get sudden compulsive urges to kill yourself?For me personally I’m not suicidal all the time, but in small bouts. Does anyone else feel a sense of calm and peace when thinking about suicide?I do, and it scares me. I used to feel panicked and anxious when thinking about suicide and, which would end up in a decent crying session.

For a while now however, I just feel calm and relieved when thinking about it. It's nice to feel that there's always a solution available if things go badly wrong, or if I'm too stressed, when all my life I've only heard to just suck it up and keep moving on to fuck things up all over again.

I just want to know if anyone else has had this, because thinking like that scares me. I don't want to end it, I know my family cares about me, and I don't want them to suffer.

I've had these thoughts for a long time now. The difference is that I don't think negatively about suicide now.

Thank you for taking the time for reading, please share your thoughts/experience if you can and want to. It would help me feel I'm not alone.I'm sick and tired of people telling me "you're too young to be depressed"I am 11 years old. My dad committed suicide when I was 8. As he was a stay-at-home dad, I had so much experience with playing with him and talking in general. I haven't really talked to many people or made relationships with anyone following that event. Seemingly every week some adult is telling me that I'm too young to be depressed, like damn when did they make an age cap. I've thought about suicide for the last 3 years but have only tried once, which failed bad, but recently with people comparing depression to my age constantly it makes me want to try again.

thanks for reading

Edits: hey guys, I just want to thank you all so much for the 30+ positive messages you have sent me. I never expected I would get more help in under 24 hours than I ever had in 3 years. As much as this makes me happy, it also comes to my concern s that there are some horrible people browsing this Reddit. I have received multiple messages telling me to do certain things to myself. Here is an example: https://imgur.com/gallery/tdYcbvote up if you think i should live (ha)title is some humour because intergalactic laws dont matter right now

i dont think i will be alive much longer, a month away seems very far. my last week has been very up and down and isolated and i dont want to be around anyone

the one thing that calms me is when i think to myself and decide that i will kill myself, it is strange because then things are very temporarily a little easier to handle.

i had written up a very long explanation of my life before but it somehow got lost.

the only reason i havent yet is guilt of how it will make my parents feel and sister feel. i could see one or more of them killing themselves after or at minimum the rest of their lives being horrible. this world has hurt me so much and my family and they dont deserve to be hurt even more.

i wont be letting anyone know. part of what hurt me in the past were medications doctors experimented on me. everything made things worse and they didnt listen to me; none of them interacted with me how expected.

so i wont be telling anyone, they will end me up in a hospital and force me on medication (at least that is my fear and that is worse than being dead and i will explain that to my family as to why i didnt tell anyone)

and please respect my wishes and not say anything about medications and how it takes time to find one that works for you, etc..  i am very sensitive and medications are too strong for me. the only thing that helps are therapies i cant afford, i cant afford rent either. i dont want to explain why it is difficult for me to get work. i am very high functioning mentally however that makes more basic tasks more stressing for me or boring

there is no real support either, not unless you pay them which isnt real support imho either. i was seeing a therapist, stopped two weeks agoIf anything goes wrong, my first thought is I'll just kill myselfExample: I just totally failed my quiz today in class. My grade is teetering and I've somehow managed to get straight A's for 3 years of college. If I fuck this up (my perfect grades) after all this time... My grades are all I am... It's all that redeems me in my parents eyes... Without it I am nothing. 

I don't even deserve to feel this bad, people are killing themselves on the street and I'm just some privileged fucker whining about a 4.0 GPA...

I just want feel like I'm worth something and this is ALL I have left...Goodbye, r/Suicidewatch.Not long ago I posted here. This throwaway then went dormant. After struggling a few months after I had posted, I had a breakdown in front of a friend. He talked to me for three hours and helped me as much as somebody who isn't me could help. I continued to fight my own personal battle.

I won. I fucking won. I learned to not hate people anymore (Go ahead and read the other posts if you please). I learned to enjoy life again. I'm smiling as I write this post. I've started helping people as much as I could, and being my gamer self I've sent steam gifts to people who can't afford their own hobby (better gaming than drugs or something, right?). Hopefully this is the last time I'll ever post here. It's kinda funny looking back and seeing myself one month ago. I'm a totally new person.

So... Goodbye.
Dear ents, we love to have you here, but please stop advocating drug use, it's against SW rulesThis is a moderation thread, not a debate thread, please respect our subreddit rules, I have been removing a lot of comments lately.

Please upvote this for visibility.just got raped a few hours ago. please someone talk to me before I slit my wrists.its midnight and im sitting outside. I took a 3hour long shower and I still feel disgusting. I dont know this person. I was out jogging and he jumped me. Literally almost ripped my lip off. forced himself on me. im a 17 year old guy. I just need someone to call. i dont know what to do I feel awful.McDonald's employee just saved my life.This is probably not the right subreddit, but whatever. I just needed to say this.

It was 4 AM. 

I was cold. I was lonely. I was tired. I was intoxicated. I was depressed. I was just about ready to finally put a bullet through the roof of my mouth.

But I hadn't eaten in three days, and I sure as hell wasn't dying on an empty stomach.

I stepped outside and lit a cigarette. It was going to be the last cigarette I would ever smoke.

I walked to my local McDonald's. It was the only place still open. It was completely empty. There was one employee left, manning the cash register.

I placed my order and pulled out my debit card.

"Sorry, the system's down, we're cash only for about 10 more minutes."

I nodded and took a seat in a nearby booth. I could wait for 10 minutes.

I listened to the song on the radio. "Just a couple more minutes," he said.

Another song went by. Then another, then another, then another, and another... 

He walked out, bag in hand, and handed it over to me. "Don't worry about it," he said.

Confused, I walked to the cash register, debit card at the ready. "So is it ready yet?"

"Don't worry about it."

I was shocked. "Thank you, sir."

I walked out, returned home, and had the best, free, 5 dollar meal I've ever had in my entire life.

I won't kill myself tonight. Maybe I won't, ever. 

Thanks man.

I got arrested buying drugs off the darknet that I intended to kill myself with via overdose and now I am facing a felony and 5-8 years in prison. Whats the point in continuing on?I have been depressed for a third of my life (the last 10 years).  I have attempted suicide by overdose (opiates, benzos and alcohol) 3 times in the last 4 years.  The first time I woke up the next day and continued on like nothing happened.  The second time my parents found me and EMT s were able to narcan and resuscitate me.  The third time I overdid it on a benzo analogue with not enough alcohol or opiates to stop my breathing and ended up coming to 7 days later.  I don't know if I was unconscious for those 7 days or what but I was incredibly week, dehydrated and disoriented.  That was almost a year and a half ago.  Every time I survive I try to give life another shot and every year I find myself worse and worse off.  I know I am incredibly lucky but I wish I succeeded the first time and someone more deserving survived their suicide.  I feel like I am in the movie office space, everyday feels like the worst day of my life.

I don't want to go into the exact details of what led up to me ordering off the darknet this time.  My life had continued to deteriorate and I had gotten to a point where I could barely take care of myself.  I stopped going to school after a number of small failures caused me to get discouraged.  I lived in my apartment, only going out to get groceries, go hiking and snowboarding.  I asked my parents to take care of my dog because I loved him too much and he deserved better care than what I could offer at the time. 

Its not that my life is necessarily terrible, well at this point it pretty much is, I had a wonderful childhood and was blessed to have my own place to go to college and be able to hike and snowboard.  Its that I have so much self hate and zero confidence and feel like I don't deserve what I have been given.  I am terrified of failing so I take very few chances and unfortunately even when I feel confident enough to take a chance I end up failing which brings me down further.  I feel like my life peaked after high school, not that it was amazing or anything but to this day it is my greatest achievement, I graduated with full IB, honers and a 4.11.  Unfortunately when I first went to college I had a series of events/failures that destroyed my self confidence.

Anyways back to earlier this year.  This was going to be my 3rd attempt at finishing my degree and I had failed again.  I have been lonely and single for 3 years, my last girlfriend cheated on me, and this Christmas my work at the last moment made me stay home so I spent my very first Christmas completely alone while my family all spent the holidays out of state.  Things were going downhill and again I was getting more and more depressed.  I started getting out to go hiking and snowboarding less and less as it became difficult to even get out of bed and make sure I had food to eat.  At this point had lost my job, my friends were sick of hanging out with me because I was too negative.  I felt like I was only living for my parents but even they were sick of my bullshit and lack of progress in life.  I made the decision to order drugs off the darknet, as I had done a few times before and do it right this time.

My package was intercepted and federal marshals did a controlled delivery.  I was arrested and sat in jail for 2 months.  I'm always surprised when I think that life can't get any more unbearable and jail was just that.  After that I was forced into drug treatment for 6 months and am now living in a sober house under close supervision.  My court date is a month away and I am facing a felony and up to 8 years in prison.

I have tried everything to get better I have a therapist and a psychiatrist.  I have tried nearly every anti depressant and am currently on wellbutrin, which doesn't do shit.  I have tried DBT and TMS.  I don't understand why I should keep going.  I have completely fucked my life up.  Even in the best scenario I will probably get the felony and multiple years of probation.  I'll be barred from a ton of jobs that I was interested in.  I can't even get a job at 711 right now because apparently this is already showing up on my background check.  I probably will struggle to get housing in the future.  I can't even imagine having to go to prison much less for 8 fucking years.  I just feel like this is torture, every day that goes by is another day closer to my judgment day.  My friends and family have abandoned me.  I was evicted when I was in jail and lost most of my stuff, I'm broke.  It just doesn't make sense to keep trying.  I feel like I have gave it multiple tries and its just been one failure after another.  I am so fucking lonely but as much as I would love to have a girl in my life a part of me thinks it would be too selfish of me to make someone have to deal with my bullshit and never ending stream of failures.  What is the point?  Even if my life weren't a complete shit show I would still feel this way.  I just feel like I am pointlessly torturing myself at this point.  This whole year has been like a nightmare that I can't wake up from.  Sometimes I wonder if I actually succeeded in killing myself and this is just my punishment.  I forgot what it means like to be happy, to be close to someone, for someone to actually be proud of me.  I feel like I am just a disappointment and I might as well just end the pain instead of waiting for my court date.  I have already pretty much decided that if I get prison time then I will do it but I fear I wouldn't get the chance if that happened.  I felt so helpless in jail, they specifically make the cells so that it is pretty much impossible to kill yourself and that was the situation I feared the most in life.  Losing my freedom, my humanity and locked away in a room with no stimulus with no way out and no way to kill myself.  Why should I continue to wait around for that to happen?

I

I'm waking up tomorrow.I was sure of it. Tonight was supposed to be night. My depression was always there, but something told me that tonight was the night I would end it all and relieve myself from this pain.

But I didn't. 

I found myself crying for 2 hours, and then finally picking up the phone for the Suicide Hotline. I spoke to the most wonderful person on the other end. He told me I was strong, he told me I deserved to live, he told me I was a good person. He gave me a new perspective on how to tackle life. He saved my life.

So, for now, I put the tools away, the notes away, and will not send those texts tonight. Because, for better or worse,

I'm waking up tomorrow.Thinking of killing myself comforts me because if everything gets too much to handle, I always have a choice to way out.I don't know if anyone else feels this way, but lately I've been thinking about suicide a lot and it really makes me feel better that I can always make the choice when I want to. And that I don't need to deal with any consequences that come after, although it might sound selfish.my mom attempted suicide todayTW: kind of graphic description of suicide attempt 



so at around midnight on 5/31/18 i woke up to my brother coming into my room and screaming that our mom tried to kill herself and that she wasn’t breathing. i immediately got up and went outside, i went into the backyard and into the garage, where my step father was trying really hard to give her CPR. she tried to kill herself by hanging, she took an electrical cord and draped it over a hook on the ceiling, and wrapped it around her neck. thankfully because of how poor her attempt was, she wasn’t fully hanging off of the ground, and was mostly on the ground. we don’t know how long she was out there and we don’t know how long her airway had been cut off. anyway, as soon as my step father got her to start gasping for breath, the paramedics showed up and put an oxygen mask on her. they took her away into the ambulance and my brother, me, and my step father got ready to go to the hospital. eventually we ended up in the ER waiting for answers about my mom. they had first told us that she might have suffered significant brain damage and could end up brain dead. however, they took her to get a CT scan of her brain, and they then told us that they don’t see any significant damage to the brain, no swelling or bleeding, and her neck was not injured significantly. i’m so thankful that the damage that was done wasn’t worse. after the horrifying news we decided to wait to see her, talk to her a little, and then go home. when we were able to go see her i went in first. she was breathing so hard and she was in a coma. i don’t know how long her brain went without oxygen and i just really hope that she wakes up and can make even somewhat of a recovery. all we know as of right now (5:00 AM on 5/31/18) is that she is stable but in critical condition, and now we’re just waiting for her to wake up. i have a lot of thoughts going on in my head right now but mostly i just want her to wake up and not be a vegetable. the only thing i’m really worried about is the fact that she was drinking so much alcohol when she did it, and with her asthma and obesity she’s more at risk of complications.. you really don’t know how much you miss someone and realize how much better you should treat someone until something like this happens. i just wanted to vent about it because everyone is asleep now and i haven’t been able to even think about sleeping. i’m ending my vent here. i love you mom, please wake up. If you're upset about the election, the place to seek help is NOT by inviting discussion about it on the internet. Including here.We know that the US election results are adding to the burden of fear and despair that many of you are carrying.  But this particular election has brought a lot of legitimate rage to the surface, and secondarily given others an excuse to unleash indiscriminate aggression against the most vulnerable people they can find.

We know that for some of you tonight might feel like the last straw.  It's completely understandable that you'd want help, but the wide-open internet is not the place to seek it right now.  Due to the amount of brigading, abuse, and argument they're attracting, we're taking down all political posts.  

Please seek mental-health support through true crisis resources, which we are not.  The sidebar/community info has links if you need them.


My 13 yo daughter overdosed on about 6 grams of Wellbutrin and 1500mg of Zoloft.I am trying so hard to make this right. She was airlifted to children’s hospital and now she’s laying in her hospital bed unresponsive and her muscles are jerking. 
This has been the scariest day of my life. That child is my entire world. She’s all I have. I have out my heart and soul into raising her. I never want to lose this little girl. 
But here I am. She’s about to be 14. She’s a little on the eccentric side, but she has a heart of gold. She’s never met a stranger. But ever since 8th grade has started, she has been getting bullied. And the teachers don’t really do anything about it. This was her way of coping. 
I went to wake her for school this morning and found her covered in vomit and she had been hallucinating and having seizures for hours probably. What if I hadn’t found her?
Why does she feel like this is the only way? I want to make all the bad go away. How do I do this? How do I help her cope? 
I didn’t know who to turn to, so I’m turning to reddit. Please help me understand how to help her. 

**UPDATE

My daughter is still in recovery but she’s come so far! We are no longer in ICU. We were moved to the special care unit which is a step down. 
She doesn’t remember anything. She doesn’t even remember school that day. She’s so upset that this happened. She said she doesn’t understand why and how she did it. 
She was hallucinating pretty bad over the last couple of days but that has subsided tremendously, if not completely. 
She’s still unable to determine if she’s in reality or if this is a dream.  And it’s heartbreaking to tell her this is reality, but this reality is way better than the one I thought I would have. 
I am the luckiest woman on earth.  From the SW Mod team: Please be cautious if your post references political eventsPlease be aware that there's a risk of trolling in response to posts mentioning politics. We are allowing posts of this nature from individuals in sincere distress because we know that the political climate can impact our emotions, worldview, and hopes for the future.  But we also encourage you to consider carefully whether you might feel comfortable reaching out to another source of support, such as one of the [hotlines in our international directory](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/hotlines).  You might also want to have a look at [these resources for helping those struggling with thoughts of suicide](http://redd.it/1c3p3z).  

We are taking all possible steps to prevent abuse, but if you receive any kind of trolling or guideline-breaking response to a post or comment you've made here, whether it mentions politics in any way or not, please let us know and we'll be on it as soon as we can.  

We have been and still are working closely with the reddit admins to ensure that anyone who abuses vulnerable people here is dealt with, not just at the subreddit level.  

Edit:  Added direct links to resources & clarified wording.  
I wish that no one cared, so that I could kill myself without hurting anyone elseI'm annoyed myself that I failed at overdosing from 3 months ago. I'm not convinced that I could ever be happy because of how my mind works. I don't think I'll ever meet someone who genuinely loves me and I dont think a life is worth living without love. A few months ago I thought I met someone who was perfect for me and we both loved talking to each other... This was until she ghosted me a few days ago... I can't help but feel like I'll never experience what true happiness is. I can't have a night out with my friends without wanting to kill myself immediately afterwards. Every day I wake up wondering why I'm here just wishing I could slash my wrists and get it over with, that would be perfect... For me anyway. The only thing stopping me from doing that is how my mam would feel opening my bedroom door to seeing me lying dead on the ground, I know she would never recover from that.

Just wish I could go now because I'm not getting anywhereI didn't kill myself thanks to this subreddit. <3 you guys9 days ago on Saturday, I decided to kill myself. Wanting to kill myself finally overpowered the knowledge of how much pain I would cause to my family and friends. I just woke up that morning and realised I could not take another fucking day. I was going to wait till my parents were asleep, than I was going to swallow an entire bottle of sleeping pills washed down with half a bottle of whisky. Funny thing was the knowledge that I was finally going to do it made it the best day in a while. 

I didn't do anything special. Same old shit. I even finished off a school assignment for some reason. I don't know why. Played Xbox. Went to gym. Went for a run. Talked to a few people on skype. Walked my dog. Had dinner. Dinner was weird, thinking it was my last meal. Said goodbye to my dog, told her I hoped other people would walk her when I was gone. Said goodnight to my parents for what I thought would be the last time. Hugged my grandma goodnight. Went to my room and locked the door. Decided to smoke some weed one last time. By then it was about 10:30 and I knew my parents were going to sleep at about 11:30 so I had some time to kill. Said I’ll give myself an hour to find a reason to not kill myself. Went to this subreddit. Read through all the top submissions and realised I had never tried to fight this. I had only accepted it as inevitable just a question of when. It helped that I was high as fuck but my inner monologue told me I was weak for choosing the easy way out and not giving fighting my depression a serious effort. Took 3 sleeping pills (my usual dose) and passed out. 

The next day was shit. Still as depressed as ever, still wanted to kill myself. But I legitimately tried to get better. And by the end of the day I had smiled without faking it for the first time in months. I felt happy for a little bit. And I realised that I would go months of being depressed in the hope of feeling like that again. It was just a simple thing, my dog licking me on the nose while I was listening to some music. In the days that followed things haven't improve much but I haven’t legitimately considered suicide since.  I’m determined to beat this one way or another. I’m debating not smoking weed for a few months and see if that helps or not. But whatever happens, you guys saved me from killing myself that night.


Much love. 
Does anyone else feel like everyone else is doing well at life except you?Edit: Oh, thanks for all the replies guys. I'm glad I'm not alone in this. I look at people around me and they all doing something in life. Of course everyone has problems but they still have goals, they have their families, friends, boyfriends and girlfriends... They all working while I'm here stuck in my fucked up mind and feel like a used battery. I don't have energy to do anything. Does anybody else feel like suicide is their inevitable destinyI've always felt that I'd never have to work a full time job or go through college because I have this constant, recurring feeling of fate that I'll eventually kill myself. anyone else have this feeling?School is just so fucked. Most of the people on this sub are studentsI fucking hate everything and this is the 3rd year in a row that I’d just rather die than put up with this shit. I just don’t want to hurt people around me. 