/r/sanctionedsuicide and /r/truesanctionedsuicide were both banned today at about 17:15 GMTApparently, if you believe that someone does not have to live if they don't want to, you don't deserve any voice at all. Apparently, forums where people who have decided that an existence forced upon them without their permission are able to speak openly without judgement or prejudice deserve to be silenced, while forums that promote coercing & guilt-tripping people to stay alive against their will, deluding people into thinking life is worth living and gaslighting them into thinking they're mentally ill for even suggesting otherwise are just fine and deserve to be encouraged. Disgusting.

**EDIT:** Looks like /r/TimeToGo is the place to go, for now at least. A letter about depression [xpost from /r/MorbidReality]Just found out my friend committed suicide, and I'm happy about it.Just found out my friend who died last year committed suicide. I'm happy and proud of him.  He had had a slow growing cancer for over 10 years. He slowly degenerated.  At the end his liver had started to fail. He knew he only had a few weeks at most and decided to go on his own terms while he still could.

On his last day his wife went to the store and he left her a note saying goodbye.  He drove into a secluded remote field in the country, called 911, told them where to find his body, then ended it with his shotgun.  He even left a note on his body for the first responders apologizing for the mess and thanking them for taking care of notifying his wife. 

His wife recognized right away what was going on when she found the note, and just sat at home in her own grief waiting for the inevitable knock on the door from the police.

None of his friends and other family knew he committed suicide. He was cremated and there was a beautiful remembrance ceremony at his home. After a year, his wife finally told me.

I've missed you good buddy.  I wish you didn't have to die alone, but I know you did what you felt you had to do and I understand. 
The #1 thing I learned as a suicide hotline operator......is that the people that call need someone that listens to them. The vast majority know that their problems won't be solved by calling a crisis line, but they just need someone to understand that they're in pain, and to validate their emotional turmoil. They need to be not alone.

I've learned that 'being there' for someone does so much all by itself, rather than problem-solving or 'giving them reasons to live' which was what I originally expected before my training. I found that interesting.Are there any websites on the internet that can ''take the place'' of our formerly banned subreddit, /r/sanctionedsuicide?I don't need to be going on /r/depression or /r/suicidewatch to hear people complaining about how shit life is only to close down entirely the possibility of exiting this absurd existence because of the grief it may cause others, thus really silently saying "toughen it out". 

/r/sanctionedsuicide was unique as many people will reiterate not because it encouraged anyone to kill themselves but because one could have a neutral and almost philosophical discussion about why life sucked.  That subreddit gave me a view on existence that I thank the creators for. My life still sucks ass, but at least I've actually 'improved' in a way in coping with life and death.

All the other subreddits on depression and suicide alternate between "Life is hard but beautiful and suicide's never the answer" and "People would be devastated if I left this existence so I must suffer life itself". That's what we are left with on this site and I don't think I can feel comfortable on a site like this so....I wonder what other sites you guys know of like the formerly banned subreddit.Why is suicide considered so horrible?If someone feels the need to end their life, why can't they? We will all die at some point, and they are in enough pain to consider ending it.

Yet doctors and therapists will virtually imprison them in a hospital if they believe they pose such a threat (to who? Themselves? Their family?). I think it would make their situation worse. Some, maybe better. What did they do wrong?

I could be wrong, but why try to control it? It is their own life, their own decision, and it is meant to only affect them.In Ancient Rome, those wishing to kill themselves could apply for government permission to end their lives. If approved, they were provided with poison. Would you be comfortable with a similar, modern system in your country today?http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_suicide#Classical_antiquity

Personally, I think a system like this could prove feasible under some circumstances:

The applicant must:

-Not be in debt

-Have attended X hours of documented government approved therapy before becoming eligible

-Not have dependents under the age of 18

-Undergo a predetermined waiting period between application and approval 

Terminally or otherwise seriously ill individuals would have a dignified way to end their lives without requiring the assistance of friends/family (for whom the act of assisted suicide would be a crime). 

Such a program could reduce unnecessary health care for failed suicides, while at the same time *not* advocating suicide. 

Could this, or a similar system ever be implemented in today's first world countries? Would you be opposed to it, or would you be okay with a suicide program being offered by your government?

What do you think the vast public perception of such a program would be in your country? Is your country forward-thinking enough to accept the necessity for this program, or would it be largely rejected or condemned?

*Obviously there are many more factors, such as the eligibility criteria, cost,  suicide methods, legislation, whether it would be assisted suicide or if the applicant would have to fulfill the act themselves;* I just want to hear some thoughts on the concept as a whole.How is it we romanticize suicide from the past and in literature but real life modern suicide is called "selfish" and "cowardly"Jamaica's "most romantic spot" is a cliff where 2 slaves that couldn't be together jumped to there deaths and they are made into heros but if a man loses his wife and kids and decides kill himself he is looked down on but shouldn't we see that as just as romantic "What it feels like to want to kill yourself" - a concise and accurate overview of the suicidal mindsetI'm literally shaking from the amount of victim-blaming I've heard tonight.Sorry that this is kind of a rant, but WHY do so many fucking people not understand the gravity of mental illness?

...

The majority of people I talk to blame suicide victims because "it's the selfish choice."

Choice? Where does choice come from? Oh, that's right. It comes from the BRAIN. When the BRAIN is malfunctioning, you can't exactly consider a person's action their real choice, can you?

Mental illness is a disease, like any other. Some people survive diseases, some don't.

I guess you really do have to be depressed to understand.Anyone so bored with life that they'd rather die than continue staying alive?I'm not depressed, at least I don't feel like it. But I am bored AF and I have no motivation to do anything. I am suicidal, however, and boredom is one of the reasons why I don't find life worth living.Regarding the banning of r/optingoutI guess it should hardly come as a surprise that one of the few places on the internet where one could discuss suicide freely has been stamped out - especially since it was part of a larger website that aims for mainstream respectability. 

But it still irritated me when I clicked the link and saw those yellow caution lines. It reminded me that, when it comes to matters of bodily autonomy, free speech ends where controversial opinions begin. 

It also saddened me, because many of the posts I've seen on that subreddit involved people who obviously had no clue how to commit suicide being told about what actually works and what doesn't. I doubt this caused many of them to succeed in committing suicide (except when they really, really wanted to do it), but it probably did stop people hurting themselves by taking too many aspirin or whatever. 
Now that /r/sanctionedsuicide and /r/truesanctionedsuicide were both banned, where are we orphans to go?I don't need to reach out or have someone to talk toMy suicidal feelings are not about wanting to sip lemonade and chit chat. I truly feel like I have nothing to live for, that I will never reach a mediocre life, let alone any kind of life worth living. I'm not looking for friends. 


Stuff and love and people are not enough. I am sick, really fucking terminally mentally ill and I need to die.


I don't need a listening ear...there is nothing to talk about and I don't need generic lines of "it gets better".

I need a gun, or a hitman. I need someone to clean out my disgusting room and car. I need someone to help me pack. 

I need the motivation to be dead.Does anyone else feel like anti-suicide laws are completely crazy? How can we change them?I'm not talking about the obvious "nobody cares about the law if they're dead" type of argument.  I mean it still IS a valid point, but I'm focusing specifically on the preventative nature/intent of these laws (I'm in the USA, not sure how they are elsewhere).

I've felt various levels of depression throughout my life just as anyone has, but my most depressed moments cause me to feel even more alone (and for me the depression tends to be brought on by loneliness in the first place).  I absolutely hate the fact that a therapist is supposed to notify the police if they believe their patient is LEGIT going to commit suicide.  To me, that just brings about guaranteed COMPLETE isolation... and somehow I've been resilient enough on my own that I've never really come close to actually making it a reality, but that specific thing that there's literally nobody I can even PAY to talk to about it, is so saddening and it sucks having to deal with it yourself.

I absolutely get the intent of the law, and I even thought it was pretty reasonable at one point in my life, at least until I got to a point where I would actually benefit from talking to someone about it.  But who wants to be put on someone's watch list, or be taken to a mental facility, or whatever the hell else may happen against your will simply because you decided to get help for it?  Many suicidal people would very much rather be dead than to be kidnapped against their will by the police and be put in some cage.

I get that this is extreme, and 99% of the time things don't end up that way, but I just can't ever stop thinking about it in the back of my mind, so I would never ever ever EVER even come close to being able to be fully open and honest with a therapist, because if I say the wrong thing and they (in my perspective) overreact, then who knows how permanently fucked my life could get?  I just think it's the stupidest bullshit ever.

Why would you want to call someone when you could be traced?  Why would you want to post online about it even when you could be traced?  Hell, even this thread posting about how stupid the law is scares me a bit to post.

So how do we change this?  I think when people are feeling alone is when it's the MOST critical time for them to feel safe talking to someone.  All the hotlines SAY that you'll be safe talking to someone about it, but then their actions betray their lies if they've ever called the cops on someone they perceived to be about to take their own life.  You're always worried that if you say one wrong thing then you'll regret it forever, or that if you meet some psychologist checklist of criteria that your activities will be monitored closely or who knows what.  There's just no way to trust someone to talk to in such a critical time.

How do we get people to accept the reality of these absurdities so we can change them?  There ought to be at least ONE profession where you can talk to them legally about literally ANYTHING without them being able to tell authorities about it.  Then you could truly just completely freely open up, and odds are you'd be fine having the same conversation with current therapists with the current fucked up laws, but the big difference would be that you would know for SURE that you're actually okay and that there's zero chance of any negative repercussions as a result of it.

Can't we get something like this to exist?  Please?Is there a logical reason so many people commit suicide aroud the age of 27?I've been wondering. Besides all the rockstars that joined the 27 club, some people i know have tried to end their lives around this age. I am 28 myself and have found the last couple of years very hard and emotionally draining.

Is there a reason? Maybe our brains go through a weird state in our late 20s/early 30s, maybe life gets "extra serious", maybe we have to come to terms with being just one more unimportant person in a world that doesn't care. Does anyone have an answer? Or even an interesting theory?On My Attempt to Kill Myself at Age 15 (25 years ago)On My Attempt to Kill Myself at Age 15 (25 years ago)

It was an attempt to maintain a sense of status after being rejected by my first girlfriend.  I had committed to a certain self-image: that of a brilliant, troubled, sensitive man.  I saw this as an act of redeeming myself by continuing my dedication to that identity even without her supporting this identity.  It's been 25 years now, and I can't remember everything I was thinking- but I do remember a large amount of trying to prove to myself and her that I really was this guy that she no longer seemed to think I was, or maybe just play the card that had worked to win her the first time- only this time amplified.

I imagined somehow that I would be validated by killing myself.

I think blaming it all on the rejection seems a little simplistic- but that was definitely the trigger, and commitment to a self-image was definitely the core of my reason.

I took some pills, told a friend, then ran off to a secret place and fell asleep, thinking that it would be the last time I did so.

I awoke TOTALLY FUCKED UP.  I mean, I was in massive shock.  I couldn't think straight at all- I was delusional.  But I was sincerely, vehemently, and 100% suddenly aware that the REAL me did not want to die.  I was lucky in that a friend found me, and got me to my parents and then the hospital in time to have my stomach pumped, and then survive.  I still feel so shitty remembering that I told a male nurse that I would "hate to have a piddly-ass job" as he tried to save me.  Memories like that just... Make me wonder if I can ever redeem myself for being the obnoxious little shit that I was.  There's really nothing about this story that makes me look good or feel good about myself.

I'm writing just to say that when I awoke that next day, and could think straight again, I was seriously just horrified that I had been such a poser.  Such a fucking dumbass.  That I had nearly killed MYSELF.  And why?  Because I couldn't handle rejection.  That I sided with my ex in her rejection of me.

I'm writing this because there is a subreddit on suicide (*edit- figured it was more appropriate to suicidology*), and maybe some young man is reading this right now, from the same place I was in at the time.  You know, I'm actually not convinced that there aren't valid reasons for suicide.  I think that that is a social fiction we maintain in our society.  I might do it again if I had crippling disease for which there was no recovery.  But that's about the only reason I'd ever do it again (and even then, I think it might have more style to ride it out and make the world kill me).  Everything else is changeable, and I'd rather go out fighting a shitty world than side with it against myself.  If I did something horrible, it'd be harder and more noble to try to redeem myself (even if redemption was ultimately impossible).  If I was surrounded with a situation that I couldnt accept, I would go try to find a better one.  If I felt worthless and rejected, well... That's why I am writing this.

If you're reading this, I don't know a damned thing about you.  I won't pretend to.  But maybe you are like me, a little.

* Do you imagine other people's reaction to your suicide when you fantasize about it?
* Do you think there is anything romantic about the absence you would leave?
* Have you been hurt by someone recently?  Do you agree with the way they seem to see you?
* Is there any possibility that the attempt will prove something to you or someone else?

If so- really, please please please listen to me here.  Fuck. Whoever. Hurt. You. They aren't worth your time.  Be your own friend.  Talk to yourself as though you were your best friend.  This person that maybe you are trying to be isn't fucking worth being.  You matter more than that person does.  Your humanity is important- and fuck ANYONE who tries to take it from you.  You hold onto that sense of worth.  It's yours- and that voice that thinks that you deserve better?  It's right.  And there are a lot of people who will try to take it from you- but they can't have it if you refuse to relinquish it.

I won't say that everything in my life is better now.  I'm about to turn 40.  I've had my heart broken a million times.  I've had friends killed in school shootings.  I've had friends who were SUCH GOOD PEOPLE die of drug overdoses (or maybe they killed themselves- it's hard to tell.)  But I've also seen remarkable things- just moments that defy description.  I've been broke and walked into the meeting rooms of a Fortune 500 company and convinced senior executives to give their website account to me and my scruffy friends.  I've traveled all over the fucking place, and seen things- trees older than christ, the shop where kafka wrote metamorphosis, places in alaska that were still truly wild... just so much.  I'm not even scratching the surface- really.  The internet happened after my suicide attempt.  The world has visibly changed during my lifetime.

I guess my point is- life is fucking brutal.  It doesn't care about you.  But you don't have to agree with it.  You have it in you to walk into that storm and scream "I MATTER" at the top of your lungs. And the best way to spit in the eye of all this galactic indifference is to live every day the way YOU will be most proud of when it finally gets to you.  It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks- but if you die thinking that you lived your life like a work of art, I think that's pretty damned good.  r/freetogo is banned and r/timetogo is quarantinedIt's rather sad to see these subs getting killed by reddit. Forgive me for the insensitivity, but I don't understand what's wrong with suicide.The only concrete reason I can come up with is that it defies our natural instincts of self-preservation. Also the whole thing about feelings, but I can't see how that should be relevant. Any insight?

Note: Not suicidal, but high-functioning bipolar I. Simply curious.Why is it socially unacceptable not to enjoy life/reject life?This question came from reading a post on an Irish forum. Some guy from South America agreed with a post about how suicide is the "cowards way out". From his perspective, he said that he agrees because he finds it ridiculous how richer countries have higher suicide rates than poorer ones like one he came from. His "solution" was for people who are suicidal in the West to go and live somewhere in Africa for a year and come back to see 'how good they have it'.

I wondered reading this, why does this apply to suicide and complaining about existence, why is this never the case for example for someone who doesn't want to take part in procreation, voluntarily starves, or even doesn't want to work. I've seldom heard someone say "someone else is in the world desperate to: have kids/eat food/get a job. You're just being selfish". People can accept that rejecting aspects of life are okay.

But with life itself, you're condemned greatly and told others have it worse. Even if they do, why does it matter? I want to die and so do other suicidal people. It may sound incredibly self-centered but I really cannot understand why society is desperate to stop people from dying.Is this the only refuge after r/SanctionedSuicide?Just found this sub.


I really miss having a place to talk openly about suicide, and the emotions surrounding the act, in a open and caring setting.


Not being told for the 1,000,000th time by someone, who is just making themselves feel more comfortable, to “please don’t”.


Is this that place now?I cant think of a good argument against suicideSo I read a lot of the material here and I just cant think of a reason why suicide isnt a good thing for the person who wants to do it.

It seems the arguments that come up are:

* Its selfish - It could be, but not as selfish as prolonging someones suffering for your own reasons.
* Its cowardly - Whats more brave then leaving the known for the totally unknown?
* Its a permanent solution to a temporary problem - Aren't permanent solutions to any sort of problem good?
* Depression is curable - in some cases yes, in some cases no
* Society needs you - if that was the case you had better stop jerking off or go and get as much people pregnant as possible because society may need the unborn people in your loins.

I just cant find any good arguments against it that dont have an equally compelling or stronger counter argument.

Can anyone help me out?How many people don't kill themselves because they find their lives worth living vs social pressure.It really saddens me  personally when I read that someone hates life but refuses to kill themselves because of how others will feel. I feel like it's an example of how ''the status quo'' can bully people into being slaves to existence and not exiting because others will grieve. I've always wondered why we don't see more people just say a metaphorical ''F\*ck This Existence" and leave on their own accord.

Getting to the point, does the fact that so many people do not enjoy life but feel forced to stay prove that it's social pressure driving life itself and not necessarily some biological urge to fear death? It seems in many other instances \(committing crime\) social disapproval is a stronger than any biological urge to 'do good' \(Japan for example\). Is it really rare for people to enjoy living and not commit suicide for that very reason only?

Does it also give weight to the argument that life really is worse than we think and people are just 'tugging along'? “There were very few suicides in concentration camps, which is strange when you think about it, it surely seems like a place you’d want to get away from.” Holocaust survivor Johanna Reiss discusses the best books on suicide.The anti-suicide perspective that most people hold seems weird and wrong to me. I'd like to understand it better.The anti-suicide perspective that I see from many other people seems irrational and wrong to me, and in some cases even horribly evil. I am posting this because I would like to understand their view, and maybe even change my view.

First of all I believe that someone’s life is fundamentally their own. They should be free to choose to end it. If others try to forcibly prevent that, they are imprisoning and enslaving that person, and that is wrong. Trying to forcibly prevent the suicide of someone who is experiencing serious suffering is seriously evil, because it involves forcing the person to continue experiencing that suffering.

Suicide can certainly affect other people negatively, but that shouldn’t be used as a reason to prevent suicide. It’s a question of personal boundaries. For example, it’s okay to break up with someone even though it devastates them, not provide food to starving people or not give medications to people who can’t afford them. There’s this principle of personal freedom.  Being charitable is admirable, but not an absolute requirement. Not committing suicide should similarly not be an absolute requirement.

Many people say that suicide is selfish. That is true; it is selfish. A lot of actions people take are selfish. Insisting that someone must continue to live and suffer just because you want that is also selfish. 

What happens after death seems to be totally unknown. There are many beliefs about it, but no real proof. If you knew that suicide resulted in eternal Hell, it would be reasonable to try to prevent suicide at any cost. However, you don’t even know if death is a bad thing from the dying individual’s perspective. If someone really wants to die, why should you try to prevent them from killing themselves? Since you don’t know that death is a bad thing, even the fact that someone later recovered from the condition that made them want to die doesn’t mean that not committing suicide was the right course of action.

I also do not believe that mental health problems are a good reason for not allowing someone to kill themselves. While their judgment may be warped by mental health issues, the suffering that they face is very real. Modern technology is not especially good at healing mental health problems, so it’s not as if that suffering will end when they get committed to a psych ward. I do feel it is reasonable to intervene for a short time, but if they keep wanting to die they should be allowed to.

I do believe in assisted suicide for those who are physically incapable, and I do think information should be available on good methods for other people. I don’t think suicide should be encouraged however.

When people want to kill themselves that’s not a good thing and some effort should be made to change that. I just think that effort should focus on improving people’s lives and improving society, so less people want to kill themselves, and not on forcibly preventing people from killing themselves.Why is suicide not an option again? (x-post from r/suicidewatch)Excluding the presence of all religious beliefs, why is suicide not an option again? In a competitive and connection-based society such as America, with sometimes little financial mobility if you're given the wrong set of cards, it would make sense to kill oneself. From a realistic standpoint, if I'm already at the bottom yet trying my hardest in school or work and I see no progress, why not allow me to kill myself? I don't think I care about the opportunities life has. I am inferior/seen as inferior in many ways, half of which were due to just being born. I don't see a point, yet I try to help other see the point. Kind of hypocritical of me. It is also hypocritical to make this post yet take a month to make a plan and/or I'll feel better in 6 hours because I'm stupid and emotionally unstable.Rational suicide.I've thought about suicide for a decade now. I've suffered from chronic depression & PTSD since I was around 17. I'm now 33. I feel it's getting much worse, & after years of this ideation, I can say with confidence now, that I choose to end my life in a few more years, and I'm doing so with sound, rational mind. 

I have thought & browsed methods of suicide; I've compared & contrasted them; I've ranked them into most preferable way to least, taking into account the difficulty level, the level of estimated pain that would be experienced during the processes, the survival rate, the human involvement factor. 

I am not going to involve anyone in the process, i.e. I won't run into a train/truck on purpose, to spare people's conscience & wellbeing. They don't need shit like this in their life. I won't kill myself in a very public place. I will go somewhere far first, and do it in a quiet place where only a few ppl might find my body.  I will try not to even let my body found of course, 'cause it's still better not to freak anyone else out who has the misfortune to find my dead body, ....but that could only potentially happen if I drown myself  in deeper water. And atm, drowning is my third pref. Not too keen on the process of dying by drowning. 

But anyway... The actual point I was trying to make and fail miserably on this post was actually to do with the rationality of suicide, for some people, for example, me.  I do not fear death. I don't see any true meaning to life. I have forgotten what it is like feeling happy. Best I feel for many years is: "ok", not happy. I hardly ever feel inner peace. I have nightmares. I have strange dreams. Recurring dreams. Then I have fantasy/scifi Hollywood-like dreams while sleeping. 

I want to die.  I don't want to wait too long. I don't want to grow old. I am so, so, so, so, so tired. My heart is often heavy. Chronic sadness is making me fatigued.  I want to die. And I am not a crazy or insane person. I am rational. I am rationally making a decision to die by my own hand, sooner or later. I don't seek intervention, or help. I just want to share a bit of my story, and it doesn't matter if only one person reads this. 

Suicide can be rational. 

That's all. 
TED talk Why We Choose Suicide: Mark HenickSociety's staggering hypocrisy towards suicideFrom very early age we are conditioned to objectify others and self, to set up arbitrary and supposedly non-arbitrary parameters by which to judge others and ourselves. In other words, we are being "groomed" for a very inhumane, I'd say sociopathic state of mind. It doesn't have to manifest as a conscious thought (at all). Indoctrination works best through subtlety and manipulation of the mind's subconscious levels.

School is the pinnacle of this monstrosity - a combination of impossible, humiliating, objectifying ideals implemented in a chaotic setting of arbitrary human subjects crashing into each other (sometimes literally). It is not a question of if, but *when* there will be some sort of tragedy because of this lit powder trail/time bomb of an insane asylum. The school system is a mechanism designed to destroy the remaining vestiges of any humane subjectivity left at all, whether you're a "winner" or a "loser". It is the "final step" in becoming a "good citizen" (or a bad one, of course). You are now "able" to think yourself as either a worthless piece of shit (=cannon fodder for the so-called good citizens) or king of the hill, proper, good citizen... all because society has pulled up a few parameters ("grades", "looks", "popularity", etc.) by which to judge you.

What ISN'T insane about this?? No one gets to choose their randomly given combo of body and mind at birth, yet we are still expected to adhere to some made-up ideals? I can't think of a more humiliating situation to bear.

So yes, I do believe the majority of suicidal seeds are planted already in school. My first suicidal thoughts occurred in high school; that is simply the nature of the beast. It is a sneaky way for society to weed out the "weak", or at least test their waters. But that brings me to a more troubling ontological reassessment. If society is composed mostly of biological bodies, then their psychological makeup is "simply" a product of biological evolution. If evolution has selected for sociopathic lines of thinking (as evidenced by the school system, for example), then that's simply how the world is. Peoples' lack of awareness and sensitivity to this only adds to the insult.

So, in this way - I guess - people can still have the gall to claim to be shocked by a suicide... BUT the hypocrisy of being shocked at a suicide whilst our inhumane, objectifying and humiliating doctrines run rampant at every level of society is staggering. "Good citizens" - the fucking "winners" - quite obviously need punching bags to inflate their egos even more. Their only "sorrow" for a "loser" would come from this. I have witnessed this very much even from my own friends. Suicide can thus be seen as a tragic way to salvage some pride from a very humiliating existence in a society that is set up as a completely indifferent monster.

I thus wish for more transparency and honesty about both our essentially monstrous psychological makeup and its relation to the phenomenon of suicides. When you have been repeatedly destroyed mentally - attacked, humiliated, belittled, ignored, etc. - there is only so much a person can take. Naivety about reality's/society's brutal nature is not an excuse to be surprised by the amount of attempted and sadly successful suicides.

Maybe it is naive and desperate to think of any change at a psychological level for society. At the end of the day, the only thing that really changes anything in our lifespans is technology. Everything else is margins. Suicide, for society as a whole, is subconsciously acceptable collateral damage of its very own *modus operandi*.

**TL/DR:** Society is set up as an absolutely monstrous machine to destroy people mentally, yet it pretends to be shocked when one of its subjects decides to call it a day.Do you think it's possible we could ever view suicide as a positive thing? I've been surviving with suicidal depression for almost two years now and over that time it's just become a regular part of me. There's nothing dramatic or tragic when I think about killing myself... it's a happy thought. Suicide is always portrayed in the media as this horrible drastic tearful action that people feel forced into, but I just see it as a great escape. Like wow, you mean I could stop having to feel like this all the time, and it's just that easy? That sounds like an incredible relief. 

I won't do it because I can't, there are too many people around me who it would fuck up. But I find myself wishing more than anything not even that I could be happy at this point, but just that my loved ones could accept this about me. I wish that we lived in a world where people could be supportive and happy for me about the possibility of ending my pain instead of forcing me to endure it. It puts me into a position where I resent everybody who doesn't want me to die. 

I'm interested in hearing other people's opinions on this because god knows I couldn't talk about it with anybody at home. Do you think society could emotionally advance to the point where this would be acceptable, or would this even be an advancement? Why do people believe that life is always worth living for everyone?Not everyone but that seems to be sadly, a common mindset. People pontificate: "Suicide is never the answer", "Suicide is a selfish act".

Given the inequality in the world, some people are rich/poor, some people get terminal illnesses/others live till old age, some are accepted in society/others are outcasts, why do people take a "one size fits all" approach towards life?Do you know someone killed themselves despite having achieved everything (good job, good grades etc.)Someone I knew graduated, got 600 points here in Ireland (equivalent of 6 straight A's) and after a party to celebrate, he was found hang by his parents along with a drug cocktail in his system.

It's interesting to focus on these suicides because it goes against the fabric of "having a tough time". I don't know what the pro-lifers would have to say about someone who was seemingly going to have everything and ended it all.

I guess it proves that life is suffering at all levels.Wish that just opting out of life could be a valid and legal reason for suicide.I don't wanna kill myself because my home life is unsatisfactory or because I don't have many close friends or because my grades aren't as good as I'd like them to be or because my depression is overwhelming. My home life, especially with parents, is improving; I have the friends I want, however few; my course grades are fine, wig exception to maths; I can deal with my depression most days.

I just want to opt out of life.

Imagine this sales pitch that's going round your neighbourhood, and your neighbours love it and won't stop talking about it or using it. But when it comes around to you, you just think, "Is it really worth it?"

Life should be about being happy as much as you can, living the dream you want to, having adventure or settling down in a peace. But instead I just see it being built up for 9-5 jobs, minimum wage, being told off all the time by your boss, failing interview after interview because you don't have something others do. The kicker is that all those dream-like lives you want to live require things you don't have or can't do, or don't exist at all.

Surely opting out of living should be a perfectly valid reason for living? It's not that "life isn't worth living" but it's "it's just not for me".

The way the media reports on suicide bothers me.I don't agree with the notion that suicide is always "wrong." I understand it's a complicated question, and many people as well as the majority of society probably disagree with me. But with the recent celebrity suicides in the news I found myself getting angrier and angrier with the way it was reported. They always talk about "mental health" and how suicide is never the right answer.

But how do they know? And really what right do they have to say that it is never the right answer? Life can be very difficult and very confusing and I often find myself wondering "what is the point of all this?" "Why should I bother doing anything at all?" It seems to me that even the best philosophers have struggled to find satisfying answers to these questions. All I ask is that the news would be neutral on the subject. I understand that death is a tragedy and that we should pay our respect to those lives that we have lost but all I ask is that we could be spared the moral lecture that always seems to accompany this type of news.

Does anyone else feel similar? I feel like I just had to get this off my chest.



Suicide as a 'back-up plan'?Does anyone else do this? When I was at my lowest I found a weird measure of comfort in the idea that no matter how bad things got, I could still always die and escape it. Like even when I felt the most trapped and suffocated and panicked, there was still a way out. Considering creating a new forum, a combination of r/SS, r/psychfreedom, r/suicidology, please read insideHi, I've been a member of the forum that was created as a response to r/SS being closed down for a while now and have become aware of some issues there. Between social aspects of the forum, outdated information, low effort on improving the forum, and a bias towards incels and a misunderstanding of what free speech means in the context of a suicide discussion forum due to the administration of the site. Many members have been uncomfortable or even left the forum as some things have come to light and, while I appreciate the way some of the staff have approached and spoke to me, I greatly do not appreciate some of the others. I am open to discussing personal qualms in private but simply wish to explain my reasons for wanting to do this, rather than trashing someone else entirely for that purpose.

&#x200B;

The admins of SS are open about supporting diversification in any community and I realise that, in the face of wanting to die and having absolutely nothing else but being too terrified, living isolated and being bitter about how discussions are always so polarised... I believe that fostering an environment which is similar to [lostallhope.com](https://lostallhope.com) in it's openness with information but also allowing discussion with some strict moderation for the sake of keeping our members safe and comfortable. The plan is to allow discussion on recovery, coping, etc while also allowing discussion of methods, I aim to have articles on the forum which can be used to consolidate accurate methods information, cases, studies, etc edit: and yet also keeping the forum respectful in terms of differing opinions, there will be a meta forum for people who wish to discuss things like moderation direction and such, platitudes and things will be banned in general too, no unsolicitied advice where it is not desired, people will be urged to use their common sense and hopefully, moderated fairly on these guidelines.

&#x200B;

My vision for this place is to be a welcoming place for sufferers of suicidal feelings no matter the cause, a place where they can come and be as open or closed as they want to, access the information the require. I want the right-to-die to be taken seriously and specifically a discussion around the right-to-die for sufferers of mental illness could be beneficial to our community if we allow a safe place for that. The forum will be split into 3 sections and unsolicited pro-life opinions on the "suicide board" will earn an immediate warning and swift ban for continuing offenses.

&#x200B;

I have a lot of thought in this and if anyone has suggestions, feedback, whatnot please leave them here or PM me. Also in the long term I am looking for contributors, local board moderators for specific topics, and in the long long run a successor but this is the last and furthest thing on my mind currently.

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading! ps. the forum shall be named The Lighthouse, after the discord server posted on r/SS that I was a member of for a short time, I think the name is very nice and hope the owners of that server, if it still exists, understand that I am very grateful for the inspiration.hm.People say suicide is selfish, but really, expecting someone who sees no more point in living, too much pain to stay alive just because YOU want them to stay alive, is infact, kind of selfish in it's own way. Why is Suicide Wrong?I've been thinking this a long time, but the most important part of your life is when it begins and ends. Why am I considered mentally unstable for wanting to commit suicide? I feel like that is a decision I should be allowed to make for myself and I don't see why death has to be a random occurrence. I mean if suicide was socially acceptable it would allow closure to be formed between suicidal people and their family/friends because planning wouldn't have to be a secret. On top of that, suicide could be a lot less violent because euthenasia would be an ethical option.

Thoughts?Any shot of convincing family/friends that suicide is the right decision?I didn't want to post this in suicidewatch, because I'm not looking for a lot of "you matter, you're awesome, keep the hope alive" responses (as sweet as it is of you strangers to be so optimistic).  What I would like to know, rather, is if you think an argument can be made with at least some success to prepare one's friends and family for a suicide. Not everyone is meant for this world, after all.  I know it would be hard to accept, but I imagine carefully and slowly approaching the subject can help.

Any thoughts or experiences with this?Why is an "easy way out" such a bad thing in peoples minds?This is something you hear commonly in suicide discussions. They say it's cowardice/giving up.

It's funny because in almost all other circumstances, society tolerates and looks for an "easy solution". Why is suicide the exception to this?What was the real reason SanctionedSuicide was banned? Are discussions like this allowed or not? What exactly counts as "encouraging violence"?Are suicidal thoughts an illness or a mindset?I'm on medication for depression and anxiety, but for the longest time, I've questioned the point. I understand the meds are suppose to "cure" me, but what if there's nothing to cure? I've been on meds for around six months now, I still think about suicide and how much I hate life. I've switched medications before and my thoughts never change. I think of suicide as something as a way out of our society that defines everything as an illness. I don't think suicidal thoughts are always something to fix if it's just a mindset cause by the disaster of society.Oscar Wilde on: Death AutonomyIf you consider life as a game, suicide is choosing not to play that gameIf I take the analogy of life as a game, all the reasons to continue living are reasons to continue to play the game. All the reasons to continue playing come purely from the game - they are 'in-game metrics'. My outlooks is that if you die, you cease to play and the metrics themselves cease to exist. i.e. all those reasons to continue living sort of become invalid, or irrelevant.

I know this is quite an abstract post, so i'll elaborate as necessary, but this is the purification of my thoughts on life/deathSuicide Now Kills More Americans Than Car Crashes -- x-post from r/mentalhealthI wish voluntary euthanasia existedI wish that voluntary euthanasia existed for people in a lot of emotional pain - enough that they no longer wanted to live.


Pain is subjective, and who is to say that an individual's emotional pain isn't as bad as the physical pain that we warrant euthanasia for? It's arrogant to claim that one type of pain is lesser than the other.


Suicide is, most of the time, a thing that people do in a state of extreme uncontrolled emotion, and they would be grateful for not having done so afterwards once rescued. I'm not talking about something like that.


A sustained, long period (months to years) extreme desire to no longer be alive is different and rarer, but it's sad that the people who do feel that way have no dignified method to cease living. Why have to choose gore and leaving behind a horrific mess? Say for example you had a life situation equalling the pain of the Elephant Man or so, it would be understandable that you would want to die.


That's how I truly feel. If more people were atheists (like me) and far fewer theists, there would be a much better chance of this actually ever becoming a law.
Also - we have an overpopulation of people - our resources are not going to be enough for us. It would be helpful in terms of sustainability if people with no desire to live, no desire to put in effort to help the planet, to conform and to help were not here. It would help both the desperate individuals and the entire human race.I used the helium I'd bought to kill myself with to blow up balloons at my 40th birthday party.I think social pressure is truly at the core of suicideI've been analyzing suicides for years. My life has been full of up-s and down-s, very big successes and very big failures, a true physical, mental and emotional roller coaster. 

  A life like this gives you the opportunity to experience the whole spectrum of emotions at every possible intensity. Therefore I've been going through very high euphoria and very low depressions also. In a way, I'm glad for this. As a kid, I always pictured my life to be bold and ballsy, exploring the bad as well as the good, because this is what real freedom is about. I think that the concept of freedom is seriously misunderstood in our society, like no one teaches us that **freedom implies the hell, implies the depression, implies those moments of utter despair and darkness.** Everyone wants freedom, but when actually they get it, most of the people are shocked and can't handle it, because it's not only about the enormous power of feeling good, **it's also about the enormous power to feeling completely devastated/destroyed/dead.** 

   I think that the problem which creates the root of suicide is this lack of awareness - WE think that there is something wrong with feeling like this, we think that there has to be something beyond repair in us and so we think about self-destroying ourselves as the only solution. Because again, **no one teaches us that THIS IS part of the game, THIS IS part of the freedom of living.** 

   And society makes people to be so damn fragile: since childhood, many of us are raised to be fearful of negative emotions, and when something bad happens, we saw our parents instantly collapsing under the pressure of it. Instead of seeing them impenetrable and unbreakable, like a rock, we saw them often times weak and scared. The man and woman is therefore not raised to handle the darkness in a great way, so the mental stability and harmony lasts only as long as there is sunshine and this is not freedom. 
**It's not freedom to be dependent of the positive or negative things that happen in your life. ** 

   What I've described until now was a category of social influence that I think contributes to suicide very much. 
Another category is the social pressure that exists behind every problem. I observed that it's not the problems that paralyze people, **it's the opinions of other people about those problems** that paralyze people. Talking with numerous persons who were suicidal, I've discovered (what often times was an unknown fact even for them) that it wasn't as much the problem that bothered them, but what other people thought about their possible failure to solve the problem. 
**It's the social pressure that cripples people, not the problem in itself.** Not to mention the social brainwashing that goes on. Losing a job is perhaps an unpleasant thing (although sometimes it can be a great opportunity to start from scratch), but society makes it to be a complete tragedy. Is it a tragedy ? No, I don't think so. I think that if someone thinks it's a tragedy, then it is. Otherwise why would it be ? Only because other people are telling so ? Where is the freedom to have individual thinking instead of being enchained to the opinion of the majority of people, which is just a collective brainwashing after all ?I can't help to feel that anyone who doesn't want to die either has children, is stupid, or naive.My thoughts on suicide, and how my studies affected my opinionHey guys,

So let me start with this: I am a doctor, more specifically I am a pathologist and I have performed autopsies on people who have commited suicide. While I do not feel emotion at autopsies, I do want to share my views on life and death here (the short version at least).

I believe, very strongly, that a person has the right to decide to die. For a multitude of reasons that are too numerous to explain here I support euthanasia and therefore by extension certain forms of suicide. TROLL! REPORT! You might yell at this point. Bear with me.

I support the right to make the decision to die, if it is made rationally, and if it is well thought out. Before I started medical school I viewed suicide as 'inherently wrong' but now I do not anymore. I believe - as A. E. Van Vogt put it in a short story called "The Weapon Shop" that [suicide] is your personal privilege in a world where privileges grow
scantier every year. I feel that one of the most fundemental rights an individual has is the right to decide to stop existing.

This of course does not mean that a person who is using suicide attempts as a cry for help (something that is incredibly common) and does not, deep down, truly want to die should be denied help. The opposite in fact, he should be given every opportunity to achieve sufficient mental health to be able to make a well thought out decision about his future.

There are arguments against suicide, of course, and I realize I am not adressing them. I simply wanted to share my beliefs and I felt that this sub was the appropriate place for that.

Thanks for reading.
faking suicide for attentionThe Instagram acct @awk0_piglet announced yesterday that one of the "co-owners" had committed suicide.  they went as far as making a @RIPDakotaarmstrong page.  When called on the fact that the admins were claiming another tumblr girl {@wreckthistumblr} was Dakota, they posted a response that "everyone uses photos from Tumblr. Things like this are why she killed herself". 10 minutes later they posted "Dakota is having emergency surgery & might live". It sounds crazy, but hundreds of teens are buying into it {and following the @awk0_piglet page...which I'm guessing was the strategy}.  As someone who lost a brother to suicide, I can tell you that contemplating killing yourself is a deeply personal thing.  You don't "come back from the dead" due to a miraculous surgery, & you DEFINITELY don't immediately begin posting "shoutout for shoutout" from your hospital bed. In fact, if this were true, she would be in a psych ward without access to her phone.  It hurts my heart when people {like this girl} take something so deadly serious & use it for attention. Thanks for listening.Stephen Fry discusses his 2012 suicide attempt"I'm not strong enough to this," I thought five years ago. Well, I was right.I’ve been disabled since birth with autism, amnesia, depression, angry parents, neck problems, ... the list never ends. Course, the govt says I don't qualify for legal benefits cause "I could still hold a job if I had to." Anyway, here's my story.

Despite my struggles, I was determined to excel from birth. I basically popped out of my mom holding a dictionary; I taught myself how to read, walk, and talk by the time I was 18 months old.

I dropped out of school in kindergarten and again ("for good") in first grade because the education system is worthless and I decided I could teach myself better.

I could, too. I got my GED when I was 12.

I never learned how to hold a conversation, be interesting, or be interested in someone else by the time I was 15 years, 3 months, and 3 days old.

I had never had a single friend I truly trusted and could sincerely talk tto with by the time I was 15 years, 3 months, and 3 days old. I didn’t trust or like my parents, or my grandparents, or my neighbors. I educated myself, and I never went anywhere but the grocery store and doctor's office, so nobody cared about me, and I didn’t care about nobody, neither.

I wasn’t worth anything to anyone by the time I was 15 years, 3 months, and 3 days old. I was just a big medical bill, a mouth to feed, and a tremendous inconvenience upon my family. 

That was life. I decided to make action on my years-old plans on 13 March, 2013 -- well, the night before. It only passed midnight by the time I jumped out the window.

I had attempted suicide several times before, but nothing seemed serious enough for anyone to care -- I tied a weight to my foot and jumped in water, I lit my clothes on fire, I taped my mouth shut and tried to hold my damn breath. Humans have a funny way of not dying, have you ever noticed? But I had had enough. I thought up a plan that nobody could survive.

I never wanted to be alive. “I’m not strong enough to do this,” I thought. “I’d rather have silence, or hellfire, or whatever the f* I’ll get. It can’t be worse than this.”

I was talking to a then-acquaintance that night. I don’t know why I did, but I told him my plans. I instantly regretted it. “Dude, if you do anything, I’ll call the cops.”

I was terrified. I didn’t want to go to jail, but I didn’t think I could back down after saying all that. So I decided I'd kill myself *before* the cops found me.

I turned my laptop off at 23:56 and jumped out my bedroom window. It was only about a 12-foot drop, so it didn’t even hurt when I hit the ground. I knew it wouldn’t, so I just kept walking. There’s a railroad at the end of my street. I walked the quarter mile, climbed on the tracks, and laid my ass down on the railroad.

Judging by the time the hospital said I arrived, I laid on the railroad until about 2:30. There were no trains that night. There was hardly even a car. It was just silence; painful, horrible, deafening silence.

Eventually I realized something.“If a train hits me, the splatter will be everywhere.” I was wracked with guilt. “They’ll have to clean the train, the tracks, the grass, everything. I am so selfish ...”

So I picked myself up off the tracks and walked. 2.7 miles, according to Maps. I recalled there’s a 50-foot tower on a road out of my town. Forestry tower, for the firefighters to climb and look for fires. It wasn’t guarded at all -- I hear local teens would hang out up there all the time. It was empty that night though.

I climbed the first storey. “It’ll finally all be over,” I thought. “No more suffering, no more pain, no more screaming from my parents, no more pretending to care about nobody — anybody — whatever …”

Second storey. “I’ll finally be free. My parents won’t scream at me anymore, the demons in my head won't bother me anymore, it’ll be so nice …”

Third storey. “Nobody ever cared about me anyway. They’ll still have to clean the grass here, but nobody will have to pay my medical bills or feed me anymore.”

Fourth storey. Deafening silence.

When I got to the top, I looked down over the edge. Don’t ever do that.

“... wow, that’s high. It would really hurt if I fell. Do I really want to do this?”

Unsurely, I walked back down to the fourth storey before I stopped.

“No, you know what? Fuck it. I came this far. I have nothing to return to except pain, hatred, loneliness, and misery. I’m doing this!”

I ran toward the edge and jumped off the fourth storey. 44 feet, or so I hear. All I cared about was it was high enough to kill a man.

'cept guess what?

There was a fucking ambulance driving down that exact road, that exact minute.

Whatever pitiful mush the EMT could scrape off the grass was lifelighted to a small hospital 15 miles away I'm sure the docs just laughed uncomfortably when they looked at that little splat. They flew me to the ICU of Atlanta Medical Center, apparently the best ER around. 

I don’t remember the first month, but I opened my eyes on the day before the fifth week.

Guess what?

“Damn it all! I survived,” I thought. “How could anyone survive that! And what do I have to survive for? Look at me...” The hospital put me in a diaper, in a cage, and put an oxygen trake in my throat so I couldn’t even talk. They fed me a bread roll every couple hours, between doctors. I was still breathing, despite my clumsy efforts.

I had a traumatic brain injury, traumatic spinal injury, broke my left arm, punctured both lungs, and broke my right foot.

That was it. The TBI and TSI will be thorns in my side til the day I die, but I could use my arm fine by the time I awoke, and I'd be rolling that wheelchair in NASCAR if it wasn't for the damn cage.

I fell 44 feet. How in the world was this it? What happened?

I was hospitalized until 21 May, and I was in miserable pain every moment of it. They took my trake out around the 8-week mark, but I didn’t have much to say. I just sat there and listened to the elevator music, and waited til the next doc knocked me out to do this or that.

Then I went home.

Guess what?

My circumstances did not change. I still didn’t go to school, didn’t trust anyone, was in even more pain than before, didn't have no friends, and that demon was still in the back of my skull whispering hatred.

Circumstances like these don’t change. You have to change them.

I was still in a wheelchair cause they said the bones in my foot were broken beyond recognition. They didn’t do much to my spine either cause it was so shattered. I could barely sleep, the pain was so bad. I could barely stand to breathe. But I wanted to be worth something. I made change everywhere I could.

I signed up for digital school (a disaster, but that’s another story). I joined chat rooms online and tried to make friends (another disaster). I tried to strengthen bonds with old acquaintances (even made a few friends!) I exercised as best a wheelchair kid could to lessen the pain, so I might leave the chair one day. I even started attending church that July.

That December, I still used a wheelchair mostly, but hallelujah! I had started using a walker too.

The following March or so, praise God, I could mostly walk with just a cane!

I spent most of 2014 relearning how to walk and studying how to make friends and act in society. GED or not, I started public high school in August 2015. Gave me a chance to learn how to act in a social setting.

Topped almost all of my classes. Didn’t make a single friend with the kids there, but some of the teachers are the best kind of friends there are.

Skipping a ton cause of length …

January 2018. I’m offered a scholarship at a prestigious private college for my exceptional grades, brave leadership, and “commendable servanthood.” Can you believe it? Not even 60 months before I was just a splat on the pavement, and now I'm a "brave leader!!" Graduated honor roll with 3 college credits that May, and I’m starting college at the end of August!

I still struggle with suicidal thoughts sometimes, but I never let them overpower me. Please pray for me, cause I was right. I'm not strong enough to do this; least, not on my own. God is for me, that much I've proven.

I hope my story has touched someone. Thanks for reading!Is there a subreddit for people who attempt suicide and survive?If not I’ll make one. It’s usually a traumatic, highly stigmatized event that 2-7% of the population has been through, so there really should be some sort of support forum. Would need to be highly moderated however.My therapist gave me reasons NOT to be suicidal... they were dumb.I wanted to share some of my experience with suicide. 

I have had horrible depression since I was 12. Due to being diagnosed with a rare disease months after losing one of the closest people to me... it's understandable.

I got help from a direct psychologist, then a couple years later, I got help from a therapist a town over from me. Both were really different and both had different approaches. I believe it's true when they say you need a therapist you like and one you feel is helping.

I started seeing my main therapist in January 2017. On the last day of April, I overdosed.

So, what happened? Well, it was an accident, first of all. I was on Klonopin and took it for anxiety attacks that I had frequently. That day, my grandmother was overbearing and threatening me and I was doing housework (not normal housework) constantly, so I was tired, but she was determined. I remember nothing after the first pill, but drugged me recorded it all. 6 Doxepin, 2 Ativan, 3 Klonopin, then hours later around midnight, I took the whole bottle of Klonopin.

My therapist had told me over the months, there are reasons to not kill yourself. The pain you'll cause your family, the fact you don't know where you go (religious or not), you don't know if you'll succeed or fail the attempt, you may become a vegetable, and the guilt. I understand these, but in my mind... it's literally help trying to guilt trip me that deleting the problem (my brain, myself) isn't worth the risk so she baits me with guilt. How is that a healthy approach?

It's been almost a year and I still have bad days, but I'm okay. I haven't seen a therapist in months, and I really didn't trust mine after the events happened. She caused more problems (than I've said here), and in my eyes... she danced around my depression instead of facing it. Once you mention suicidal thoughts, alarms go off. But at the facility to put you in inpatient for suicidal treatment, I wasn't "suicidal" enough.

There are so many factors that play into suicide. And depression. And they aren't so easy to fix. That awful feeling a lot of people get - that void of helplessness, hopelessness, and being tired. It's mentally exhausting, but I've come to know multiple therapist who push it off and say, "Well, we need to focus on the happy." Turns out I have a chemical imbalance in my brain, so focusing on the "happy" really didn't help. And the reasons my therapist gave regarding suicide... guilt tripping someone is NOT the way to help a person get well again. I don't promote suicide whatsoever, but those types that thing hurting you to fix you will make you magically wish to live... if anybody ever gets a therapist like that, CHANGE THEM. I've learned. 
Suicide is a RightAs a person, you have sovereignty over your own life. You make your own choices and set your own direction, so it seems logical that if you want to end your life you should be able to do so. It is a choice just like every other, albeit one carrying an extreme amount of weight.

The "problem" with suicide is that the majority of the time, the decision is made too lightly. Far too many people commit the act in a rash way, without any regard to possible alternatives or the state of affairs they'll leave behind. This has caused us to view suicide in an extremely negative light, but the thing is, it seems that viewing it in this way actually makes the issue worse.

When someone is considering suicide, we don't view them as a person simply weighing a decision. We see them as broken - in need of treatment and possibly medication to fix the "disorder" of which suicide is a "symptom" (which is a whole different issue) - and this causes the person to feel even worse about themselves, continuing the negative cycle that caused the individual to consider suicide in the first place. 

Instead of viewing suicide as a taboo - instead of fearing it - I think that we simply need to look at it objectively. The first line of response to someone considering suicide should not be a rash reaction, but a presentation of reality: it's a choice. "You might be overlooking another way of dealing with things," we could say, "but at the end of the day it's up to you." This kind of approach is far more powerful, as it emphasizes that the person is still fully in command of their own life. We need to help the our suicidal loved one see the true ramifications of their decision, and help open their mind to other possibilities. We need to allow for an objective discussion, without the threat of the person being forcibly hospitalized. The outcome is hopefully the same; the person still chooses life, but is empowered in knowing that it was the choice they wanted to make rather than one forced upon them.

Of course, we can still offer the person options to seek help with her/his current situation (therapy, medication if wanted, even just a shoulder to cry on), but the key is that we just need to make ourselves available, not force ourselves on the person.

Suicide is a right. There should be no legal mechanism to force life upon a person by holding them against their will, as this is nothing more than belittling. We need to make it a choice, available to anyone. If coupled with objective discussion, plus a shift away from our current view of mental health (again, a different discussion), I believe that this would actually HELP the suicide problem. After all, we are all the captains of our own life.Self-harm now takes more lives than war, murder and natural diseases combined. Why are we killing ourselves and how can we stop it?Healthy 75-year-old retired nurse dies at a Swiss suicide clinic, because old age 'is awful'.I feel like my life isn't going to go my way. Objectively, should I just kill myself? [SERIOUS] I was reluctant to post to r/SuicideWatch because of a circlejerk, so here I am.

I'm in a state of cognitive dissonance. There are so many things I inherently love about life. Love, music, art, and nature are all very appealing to me. At the same time, I feel as if society has killed a lot of these joys. Knowing that I'll never be able to connect to some people because of a simple career choice or some cultural differences kinda depresses me.

In an idea world I'd devote myself to the arts and literature, but there are so many factors beyond me that go into cultural economics that I think I would have to be lucky to make it big. It won't stop me from trying, though.

Instead of playing society's game and work towards a career to advance my own goals, I think I rather just kill myself and call it a day. Or life, whatever you want to call it.

Life is really good, especially in this era of time, but I'm questioning if it's worth the blood, sweat, and tears. Hopefully, if I'm lucky and transmigration is an actual thing, I'll be reincarnated as Drake or Shakespeare lmao.

These are my thoughts, do I have the wrong thinking?Anyone else feels tied to life by a single person?I feel like if somebody from my family passed away (God forbid) I would suicide the very same day. Somebody else feels like that?Do you feel as though you are living for the comfort/happiness of others?I don't mean simply going out of your way to make people happy. I mean, you long ago decided to kill yourself, but have stuck around because you knew it would destroy someone/people you love to have you die?

On the same train of thought, why is it that people try so hard to prevent suicide without even really knowing the person who wishes to do it, or the circumstances that lead to that desire?"Suicide prevention" is just life denial in the form of "suicide ignorance"Why I can't talk to anyoneI can't go to a psychiatrist, because I don't want them to be held responsible if I commit suicide.

I can't call a hotline, because the last time I did that, the police came and dragged me to the hospital and I ended up with a $3000 bill for services I didn't want.

I can barely even talk about it on the internet without skirting around the issue to avoid being banned.

It's like you tell us to reach out for help, but then you put a minefield in front of us. Maybe instead of this bait and trap strategy, you could treat suicidals like human beings. Maybe if we weren't scared of being treated like criminals, we'd be more likely to reach out.Are there other animals than humans that commit suicidePlease fill out a survey that I made on attitudes towards suicidal behavior in societyhttps://lisaarouet.typeform.com/to/Ark0LyMy father's parting letter(YALE) Suicide, Part I: The rationality of suicideDo Not ResuscitateIs there a legal equivalent to "Do Not Resuscitate," for suicide attempts? The thought occurred to me that in my times of struggle, the last thing I want is for someone to save me. I don't want to be saved when I'm there; I just want to be gone. 
Fantasize about suicide I don't know what it is but for the longest time I fantasize about killing myself or just dying in general. I think of death every day and it has started taking a toll on me. Sometimes I want to kill myself because I am intrigued by the whole thing, other times something triggers it and I get sad and want to die. I really started having suicidal thoughts two years ago when my girlfriend broke up with me. 

Does anyone know anything about this? There is a gun right in the other room from me and I could easily just grab it right now and kill myself. Thinking about it gives me a high. 

When I first started having these thoughts I didn't take them too seriously, but now they occur all the time and I'm afraid of it progressing further and something bad happening. 

I still have a lot of problems over my ex girlfriend and I know they don't help things but I would never kill myself over her. That is dumb to me. I feel like a freak thinking about death all the time. If I'm crossing the street I imagine a bus taking me out. If I'm driving I imagine getting in a bad wreck. When I snowboard I imagine falling down a cliff or hitting a tree. It never ends. 

What is wrong with me? Is this normal? I like the idea of dying and thinking about people mourning my death. Fuck. I am so messed up I don't know how I even function.

Should I be concerned? Following on from the post around a week ago re: the banning of r/suicidenotes - I've downloaded every post made to that subreddit.Terminally ill man urges MPs to legalise assisted suicide after losing court battleSometimes memes are the best way to express myselfA Guide to Getting Help (If you so choose)*(Mods: If this isn't proper for this subreddit, accept my apologies ahead of time, and feel free to delete)*

It's 1:30am, and I can't sleep. I've no job, no money, and soon to lose my apt. So what does my dumbass do? Look at r/suicide, and find that it's broken down into a few subreddits.

While poking around, I did see a slight common thread in some posts--shitty psychiatry. 

With youse guy's approval, I'd like to share what I know in case you want to try to get psych help (possibly again).

This is NOT meant to be some humanistic-bullshit, "It get's better, just hang in there" guide. This is more the, "I'm pissed off, or just about at my wit's end, but if I have to give it another college try, damned if I'm going to do it any way but mine." guide. 

If you think you can hang on for one last go. I wish you the best of luck. 

If you are at your wit's end, and see no other pathway, then I wish you as little pain and as much speed as possible.

\-------

Quick about me: I'm in my 30's, been suicidal (in some form or fashion) since 15, but have always been afraid that with my luck, I'd find a way to fuck it up. I've just a bachelor's in psych, but have been in and out of shrink's offices for just about a decade. I don't consider myself to be an expert, but versed well-enough to get what I want or need at the time.

\-------

**All about Shrinks**

This may go without saying, but note the difference in professionals:

* A PSYCHIATRIST is a medical doctor (So-and-So M.D.), who is able to dispense medication. They may have their own practice, or be part of a group practice. In the latter case, they generally work as your drug pusher, and will (in the ideal world) work with your therapist/psychologist to get a two-pronged approach.  

* A PSYCHOLOGIST (more commonly known as a "therapist") is an individual trained in talk therapy, MOST OF THE TIME has at least a master's degree in psychology or social work, and can come from various backgrounds (for instance, I had a psychologist that worked in a high-security prison in New Mexico before joining the practice I went to). These individuals may know a little psycho-pharmacology, but generally leave the medical stuff to the psychiatrists.

We're going to call both psychologists and psychiatrists "doctors" for ease.

**Finding a Doctor:**

*Tools:*

There are two main ways to find someone that can help. You can either go through your insurance's website (most have "Find a Doctor" links). Generally mental health is under the general "medical insurance" umbrella, and are usually charged as a specialist, probably requiring a co-pay.

The second method is to use what resources are out there, if you consider yourself to fall into a certain "grouping". These groupings could include [LGBT Friendly therapists](https://glmaimpak.networkats.com/members_online_new/members/dir_provider.asp), [Gambling](http://www.mdproblemgambling.com/find-a-counselor/) and Addiction, etc. 

My personal preference would be to use the [Psychology Today Therapist Finder](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/therapists), which has search filters. Please note that as this is a large, aggregate, system, that it's probably not as updated as those that you'd find on your insurance finder.

  
*Being racist, sexist, age-ist, and any other -ist.*

Now that you've got your "how", it's time to work out the who--and joking aside, it's time to get personal.

Most everyone has had an experience with a professional in a supervisor/"superior" role. Some of these were great experiences, some shitty, and most just meh/whatever.

Regardless, maybe you seemed to connect or click with someone more than someone else.

Figure out what the underlying connections each of those people have, and go find it.

For instance, personally, I've always preferred female doctors. Maybe the few male doctors I've had seemed standoffish or "holier than thou", maybe it's because my very first primary care physician was female, maybe it's something entirely different. 

Regardless of the reason, I knew when I had to find a therapist, I wanted a female whose primary language was english. Age nor skin color nor anything else really mattered to me, but sometimes it just might for someone else.

And you know what? If you're truly trying to better yourself, I don't think anyone has the right to say "Hold on a minute, here!". You know yourself better than anyone else.

  
*Going for one over the other*

If you (for whatever reason) can only see one of the aforementioned professionals then **go for a psychologist/therapist.** Assuming you have a primary care physician (a "regular doc"), then if your therapist thinks that you may need some medication (such as anti-anxieties, or whatever), it's a lot easier to get the help and meds you need if you can provide your doctor with your therapist's suggestions.

I would assume that it would be much harder to go the other way around--*assuming the practice even lets you see a psychiatrist only*.

**A bit of Introspection/The Day Before**

There are a few more things you need to think about before walking into your first therapist/psychologist's appt.

  
*White Glove, or Negan Baseball Bat?*

How do you take direction? Are you a self-professed Mule-head, or do you prefer calm and collected directions? 

How you take direction and criticism will definitely affect your progress. Finding your "method" will definitely help here.

I know I'm a stubborn asshole, so I knew that some kid-glove treatment wasn't going to work for me--I needed my therapist to hit me over the head with a splintery 2x4 embedded with tetanus-encrusted nails in order for ANYTHING to work and sink in.

  
*Fuck "Fostering", DEMAND an honest and open setting*

95&#37; of mental health professionals want to help. Whether it's because they went through similar shit that you're going through, whether they get their rocks off by helping people, or maybe there are just good-hearted people in the world, I don't know, nor do I really care.

What I DO care about, is that I am personally paying $420 bucks a month in health insurance premiums to see this quack, so I'm gonna get my fucking money's worth.

Blowing smoke up your ass is a pastime for all of us (I call mine the "Internal Infernal laugh track"), but it doesn't help you or the doc's time if you decide you're not going to not only:

A: Be open and honest about what you're feeling AND  
B: Demand the therapist do the same.

Get into that mindset. This may also include how timing and payment (more on that later).

**The Day Of/Taking Notes**

You're here, and you walk into the office, and the doc closes the door behind you.

This is where all that aforementioned introspection comes into play.

The doc will probably have their opening stanza, or whatever, let them say their piece (it's like the first day of a new school year, when they have to pass out all those freaking forms and paperwork). At some point in time shortly afterwards, they'll probably give you the "Why are you here? What do you want to talk about? How can I help you?" line.

***This is where you be as open and detailed and all as humanly possible.***

There should be no pussyfooting around. If you're currently feeling like utter shit, say so. If you are like me, and have been suicidal for some time now, say it.\*\*

***Once you have laid the groundwork of what's wrong. Get into your demands.*** 

**THIS IS LITERALLY A JOB INTERVIEW FOR THEM, AND YOU ARE THE HIRING MANAGER/GET TO SAY IF THEY GET THE JOB OR NOT.**

This is where the introspection and honesty comes in. Preface this with your favorite version of "I'm not here to waste anyone's time", and start cracking away with statements and questions you came up with in the previous section.

* "I've had X therapists before, and they all tried to fill me up with feel-good bullshit, which only make me feel nauseous and didn't help."
* "If we continue to meet, I need you to <Use kid gloves/beat me upside the head> in what you say to me."
* "I get triggered easy of mentions of <Something here>, so please be aware."
* "I need you to promise me you will always be honest with me, and won't blow smoke up my ass"
* "I've gotten the feeling from past therapists that I just don't matter to them, tell me how are you different."
* "I chose you because I feel I respond better to <Men/Women/Etc>."
*  *"I am <LGBT/ADD/OCD/a problem gambler/insert other specialized "thing" here>, and my past therapist didn't feel comfortable with that. How do you feel about <THING>?"*
* (OR, if applicable) *"I'm <LGBT/ADD/OCD/a problem gambler/insert other specialized "thing" here>, but that is not my primary worry. My primary worry is <THING>."*
* (As an example) "Due to scheduling and/or monetary concerns, I can only see you once per month. Do you think this is reasonable for you?"
* "If we 'click', and there is an appointment or 'mini-emergency' while you're out on vacation or something, who would you choose as a secondary if I had to see someone?"

As you ask these questions/say these demands, you're establishing up front that 

A: You aren't wasting anyone's time AND  
B: That you're serious about getting help.

Both of which should improve their initial impression of you.

**Still interviewing: Questions for the therapist**

Here is where you get to have some fun. Psychology is broken down into schools of thought, much like government, philosophy and economics, and while (IIRC) most of "modern" psychology is currently in/moving toward a single school, there are others that still hold onto other ideas, or may base some of their thoughts on other schools. Finding what school your therapist actively practices or prefers will help you in your search.

Note that these schools are (generally) not either/or. You can be in one school, but use tactics from another.

**Ask the therapist**, "What school of psychology do you prefer, generally subscribe to, or focus on in your studies? Do you have any particular notable researchers that spoke to you?"

The notable researchers/individuals will probably be less useful than the school of thought they subscribe to. But sometimes, within a school, there are incredible differences in their practice based on the researcher (E.G. Freud had 3 or 4 people study under his main theory and branch out, but they're all \[generally\] under "Psychoanalysis". Under the "Cognitive" umbrella, Ellis and Beck agreed on why there was a problem, but had vastly different ways of going about solving that problem).

Once you have your answers to that, go ahead and continue the session as you or the therapist deem fit. In your spare time, take a general look at the schools or people they named, to get a feel of where they're coming from.***\*\*\****

**After the Session/Things to keep in mind**

If the person is a good fit for you, then congrats. If they aren't, and if you trust the doctor well enough, ask them for a recommendation (if they're in a group practice).

*Things to Keep in mind:*

* Each therapist has a shelf life. You can get to a point where you plateau with your doctor. This is okay: they brought you as far as they could go, and now it's up to you to go at it with your newfound coping mechanisms, or to ask your therapist for recommendations for someone else.
* There may be times where things grind to a halt. I almost ghosted my last therapist after the 3rd session, as she hadn't fully learned how to "treat" me (she was still using kid gloves).
* If you do not feel comfortable with the therapist at any time (and it's not the above "grinding to a halt"), then do not feel afraid to cancel appointments, or speak with someone in the front desk/intake coordinator about switching docs.
* Never. Ever. EVER. Forget that ***YOU*** are in charge. They are working ***FOR YOU***.   


**Afterthoughts and Asterisks**

Here's essentially the disclaimer, I'll bullet point it for ease of reading:

* IF at ANY POINT IN TIME you get into the 82nd circle of hell, the walls are closing in, ***you want to kill yourself AND YOU ARE AFRAID/HESITATING/THIS DOESN'T FEEL LIKE IT 'NORMALLY DOES'***. Call 911. While I'm sure the hotline is great, knowing some 911 operators personally, they're highly trained and decent people (not to mention, they've probably heard shit going ***really down*** on the phone before). 
* If you are not at the above level, but shit is getting real, some locales have a mental health crisis hotline. The one around me is the [Sheppard Pratt Way Station of MD](http://www.waystationinc.org/). You may have something similar.
* IF you are at either one of the above points, but don't want people to freak or flip out (or if you wish to say like I did above that you've "had ideations for X years"), the phrasing you need to commit to memory is:
   * "(But)...I am not a danger to myself or others."
   * Generally after speaking to a therapist long enough, you can bring your raw and emotional ideations up, and they will have known you well enough that they won't pull the fucking fire alarm.
* Researching the schools and names of psychology ***should never be used to get into a pissing contest with your therapist***. This is pretty much akin to someone who has never had a suicidal thought before in their life telling you to "be positive", "Go outside", or any other wikipedia bullshit whenever you bring it up.
* I do not claim to be an expert in anything but being a muleheaded asshat. With this guide, "Your Mileage May Vary"

Lastly, aside from my fears of fucking up my own death, the thing that keeps me going is this [little shit](https://scontent-iad3-1.cdninstagram.com/vp/df5937d1da93b4ca26431232b2014f83/5BCF2B3B/t51.2885-15/e35/34476696_415926918925489_2611699102219501568_n.jpg); cause if I end up leaving the mortal plane, I don't know what'll happen to him. If you have a method of transport, head to a petsmart or local animal shelter. If they're all laid out like the one here, then they will have cats, birds and other pets out for potential adoption. 

There's no law that says you can't go in and just sit with or talk to the fuzz-butts, and sometimes (petsmart does) has adoption days on Sunday where you can actually pick them up and play/etc (There's usually a schedule around). It sometimes works for me, it may work for you.

If I get enough interest, I'd do a quick-and-dirty about the schools of psych, and a guide for just seeing a psychiatrist.

\-Kyros  
\------  
 

**If you must commit it... always contrive to do it as decorously as possible; the decencies, whether of life or of death, should never be lost sight of.**      

*George Borrow*Are there any American non-for-profits that currently support right to die for people with incurable /mental/ illnesses?Euthanasia and mental illnessI seem to be one of the few who believes that euthanasia should be made available to the mentally ill as a means to reduce the suicide rate. It has been said many times that 90% of those who commit suicide are mentally ill and we know that many times mental illnesses are fatal. I think it follows that it would be a good thing to allow these same people to end their lives with the help of a doctor in a painless fashion.

The way I envision it is that the date could be planned ahead of time so preparations could be made and there could be a ceremony with friends and family present. There would be a process to see if the person is approved or not where it would be investigated if they have tried all of the available treatments or not and it would also take into account age and other factors. In this way, more suicidal people would get treatment and this would further reduce the suicide rate. Most people wouldn't commit suicide anymore but rather would make their case to the euthanasia council and if they are not approved they would get the treatment they need. A mandatory waiting period could be enforced as well.

I think with almost 40,000 suicides a year in the US it is time that something be done to reduce this number. I believe it would be better to die from euthanasia than suicide and this would be kinder to our mentally ill population. In the future when a cure for mental illness is available the program could be reversed.

Any opinions?

Edit: I have reconsidered my position and have come to believe that the best option for the severely mentally ill is not euthanasia but rather high quality institutions where they can live and be taken care of.Drinking 2-4 cups of caffinated coffee a day halves suicide risk and provides a mild antidepressant effectLast year, more active-duty soldiers killed themselves than died in combat. And after a decade of deployments to war zones, the Pentagon is bracing for things to get much worseIs going missing a good alternative to suicide?I’m probably getting laid off, I know emotionally I can’t handle it, and explaining it to my friends and family will likely just pour salt in the wound over and over so... I’m not dealing with it. The original plan was to off myself if it happens but I’m always too scared (as much as I want to die)

So I came up with an idea to just go missing, have my own pity party on my own without anyone to annoy me about it. Just drink and self destruct and do it far away from everyone.Very good poem about suicideDon’t romanticize mental illness.Do You Think Suicide Can Be Inevitable For Some People?Not necessarily talking about a philosophical deterministic approach to this topic but if someone wants to address that angle too, that would be great 

But do you believe that some people can become so damaged or riddled with pain due to factors outside of their control, that there is/was little to no possibility that they could've avoided suicide?  At best it could have possibly been delayed, but eventually, their life would still likely end that way no matter how hard they tried.  

I know it's kind of scary to think that suicide could be inevitable for some people, and society is mostly focused on telling us that suicide is never a good choice, but i'm just curious of your opinions.  I notice it's common for people to tell depressed and suicidal people to "get help" and see doctors, but sometimes the depressed individual has already exhausted those routes, sometimes it seems like the suicidal are beyond help, and modern medicine and psychological therapies are not sufficient.  

Perhaps they've exhausted many treatment options available with no results, and have tried enduring on for years, until it all becomes too much.  It seems like so often suicide is never looked at as a rational choice, but it's also very easy for onlookers to judge when they've never walked a day in their life.

The way I see it is that no matter how much most people don't want to admit it, we are defined by many factors outside of our control.  Parents, environments, genetics, brain chemistry, interests, we can't really even choose which thoughts to think as they often just arise for us.  This may sound stupid and a bit oversimplified, but with much of life being a random, unpredictable crap shoot, unfortunately some people get the short end of the stick, and the totality of their being brings them to a suicidal death.

What are your thoughts on this?"Preference of lethal methods is not the only cause for higher suicide rates in males" [2011 study][Link to PDF](https://docviewer.yandex.com/?url=ya-disk-public%3A%2F%2FmnvHOZG3%2FPPxaCb8GTj386ctQ5O1ZuuUzszKlJlyjEA%3D&name=j.jad.2011.08.032.pdf&c=57bc05260dcb)


TL;DR: Differences in suicide rates between males and females is often explained by the higher tendency for males to chose high-risk methods. While this is true ("males are at greater risk of choosing highly lethal suicide methods such as hanging and firearms whereas females are at less risk with mostly choosing self-poisoning"), this study finds women usually have a lower death rate in general, regardless of the risk of the method. Of the sample taken only drowning had no significant difference between men and women.


method|Male Fatality Rate (%)|Female Fatality Rate (%)|
:--|:--|:--|
hanging|83.5|55.3|
poisoning by drugs|7.2|3.4|
poisoning by other means|28.2|12.2|
sharp object|8.6|2.5|
moving object|70.8|33.3|
Firearms|78.8|50.0
Jumping|55.0|43.7
drowning|61.1|65.6|


The authors speculate that the "possible reasons for higher lethal behavior in males may be a stronger intent to die, a higher threshold for help-seeking, a possible social isolation resulting in a lower chance to be rescued, more aggressive, impulsive personality traits, the involvement of alcohol and the role of unemployment."Nihilism, or why suicide isn't bad thing to me.So, I have this idea. I'm pretty convinced that life has no intrinsic meaning. In about 100 years, all of us will be dead. Eventually the universe will be as cold and lifeless as is once was, and our existence will have been a blip on the cosmic radar, meaning nothing. Have I thoroughly depressed you yet? Well sorry, but good to know we're on the same page then.

Of course I'm not the first to come up with [this idea](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-54975-nobody-exists-on-purpose-gif-I-TW78.gif), it even has a name, I found it on Wikipedia, existential nihilism. Its main point is that life has no meaning. The usual counterargument to this is that we live first and then create the meaning ourselves. I don't buy that. I'm a bit too empirically minded to think what I create in my head is the truth, even though most people seem to think life has tons of meaning. The only reason humans value life over death is because we're programmed that way, it's the way for the species to survive. The humans who didn't believe it went extinct ages ago. Of course there is the occasional genetic anomaly, hence this subreddit.

Now all of this is actually pretty comforting to me, given that I don't enjoy my life particularly much. It's not that it's horrible or uncomfortable, I'm just a bit 'meh' on living, like a job you don't like but have to keep showing up for. So if life has no intrinsic meaning, that means nothing is really lost if I'm gone. Which probably sounds horrible to you, it doesn't to me, it's kinda like [this comic](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xiBwE78rvXs/Uga2iT--vtI/AAAAAAAAKJs/PYWNb-3Lo9E/s1600/ADTWO32.png) that [you](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-GrpGsqdFYXQ/Uga2iQhmsXI/AAAAAAAAKJ4/lIXoe1VdNfE/s1600/ADTWO33.png) might [know](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-QfcRR7tS0nY/Uga2iw7W1hI/AAAAAAAAKJ8/jZh8OuZRBnQ/s1600/ADTWO34.png).

So yeah, I thought that was an interesting idea, and I wonder if you guys had any thoughts. 

Also, for the record, I don't have any short-term plans of offing myself. I like the idea of being dead, but the ways to get there all seem terribly unpleasant.Can suicide sometimes the the right choice?I have been wrestling with this on a professional and philosophical level.

We all have an automatic reaction (at least in my culture) to do what we
can to prevent suicide. As do I.   Humanism dictates it from my point of view.

Some have the automatic reaction due to faith. They believe that ending
ones own life is a sin.  Furthermore they may be unsure if they are
going to heaven or hell. 

There are extreme cases one can "manufacture".   What if you are 
slowly starving to death, as are the people around you and many
have already died.   Does the person become more noble for 
sticking it out?   (This is not a hypothetical everywhere in the world).

Even in the west various different forms of assisted suicides are done
on a regular basis for terminal patients.   Some are against that
ever being done too.

But in more general cases were we always counsel people to avoid it, 
that life will become better and it is not worth it. We can argue it 
from a statistical standpoint and say that for a lot of people this
is true, but its pure speculation from our part. 

We may be able to see the situation much better than the patient
and be able to offer solutions and help solutions come together, 
that is always great.

In a purely hypothetical sense if you had the option to prescribe
a couple of pills that if ingested would surely kill the patient
would you ever consider doing it?  Would sometimes the 
burden of living be doing more harm than being able to 
escape it?

I know this is heresy and I was very conflicted if this is a conversation
that should ever take place, but I am very interested in a thoughtful
and open discussion on the topic.




Scott Adams (Dilbert): I hope my father dies soonNaming the Beast: Mental Illness - The loss of a loved one to suicide is devastating, but it's important to remember that they were more than just their illness.Doesn't everyone have some hypothetical situation where they would commit suicide?For example, even the healthiest and most well rounded of people might opt for suicide if things became so miserable for themselves, or even if they were in some hypothetical situation where they were the last person on earth, etc.

If this is true, than doesn't it suggest that suicide is therefore a bridge that everyone has, but some just cross it under different conditions?Why should suicide even be prevented?That’s not a rhetorical question. Seriously, what gives anyone the right to tell me or anyone else, “Sorry, we can’t let you do that”?

I’m sick of all the moralizing arguments, and people telling others how selfish it is. Really? Selfish? Any more selfish than the two people who helped force you into this world? None of us was given a choice, whether we wanted to be born or not.

For me personally, there is nothing at all appealing to being alive. And I’ve been here long enough now to know that chances are there never will be. I go to bed every night hoping against hope that I won’t wake up, and then start the process all over again.

If anyone knows how to get ahold of some Nembutal, I could sure use it.
I'm not sure where this belongs.... I'd like to discuss my thoughts on Suicide and why eventually I'll take that route.I've been comtemplating this issue for a couple of years now. I have chosen that I plan on making an exit and not just dying naturally when ti's my time to go.

I've seen my father, someone I've had a fragile relationship with at best, suffer through several devistating strokes. He's a shell of his former self. He can barely walk, his right arm has been dead for several years now, and more importantly, he can barely communicate. I'm left trying to talk with him through my step mother - the very person who's made my relationship with him so difficult since I was 8 (I'm 41 now). I have been reciently very sick (I'll talk about that in a bit) and I didn't have the energy or really the desire to talk with them about my illness - dad wouldn't be able to respond and the thought of talking to my step-mom about important things like living and eventually dying just makes me queezy. Even as I'm healing, I still just can't muster the energy to pick up the phone to reassure them that I'm doing ok/better. That ship (my caring about what they feel) has sailed because it hurts me too much to talk to her. The nut of this is that looking at Dad through my eyes, I've realised that I'm too independant to be that reliant on anyone else. I'm not going to be locked in my mind all alone if I can help it.

In the past three weeks, I have been diagnosed with kidney cancer (renal cell carcenoma of a clear type) and after a grueling ordeal at the ER and hospitalization, I had my right kidney removed. The good thing is that they believe the cancer was contained in my right kidney and has not spread. The shitty thing is that my medial bills (before insurance has been applied) is going to be well over $100k. We should be able to get out from under those bills fairly easily (first bill was $29k, our payment was $349) but it does lock my wife into a job she hates because I am covered under her insurance. She's willing to do this for me, but I feel pretty shitty that I don't appear to have many options with this now pre-existing condition.

As long as I continue to stay healthy and recover from the cancer surgery, I'm going to stick around and participate in the game of life.

But if the cancer comes back and the options look bleak (other kidney goes down) or there's a wide spread funk across my organs, I'm shifting into another mode. I'll probably try to drop acid one more time with some old college friends. I'll do a bit of traveling with my motorcycle, and at some point, I'll mail out instructions on where my remains will be found. I'll have a suicide bag ready to go - helium and good night.

I've lead a rich life. I've been to several different countries across three continents. I've been a scuba diver, a motorcyclist, and generally a good friend.  I've had the luxury to have made a decent living and able to pursue hobbies that strike my interest when I've wanted to.

My biggest fear of this whole thing is that people aren't going to understand why I'm doing it. I've spent a lot of time thinking about living and about being alive the last few years. I really think that there's a difference between the two. I don't want to just be taking up space and waiting for the end to come in silence. I want to be active and joyful while I'm here and I don't want to suffer through a long drawn out and painful goodbye. That does nothing for anyone. I want people to remember me for who I was, and not what living too long forced me to become. I want people to understand that I made these choices when I was in sound mind and in sound body so that if either changes greatly, it's just another step in my plan and not a rash decision made out of fear and pain.

I want to die with dignity.
Why shouldn't you be able to die if you have no quality of life? The "Permanent Solution" argument...*"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem."*


This is the cliche that many people prefer to fall back to rather than actually analysing a suicidal person's motives. My question: For how long must a problem persist to be considered permanent rather than temporary? 


I think it's generally accepted that a temporary solution is correct for dealing with a temporary problem, and a permanent solution is only acceptable if the problem is "permanent". However, nobody defines just how long something must last to be defined as "permanent".

For instance, marriage is often explained as permanent agreement, but thousands of couples divorce after only a few years. One marriage seems no less permanent because some other couple decided to get a divorce. Why, then, do we assume that the problems of one suicidal person are temporary based solely on the evidence that some other suicidal person eventually changed his or her mind? 

I apologise in advance if my metaphor falls apart under intense scrutiny. The only other one that crossed my mind in attempting to compose this message was that of cancer, and the topic of suicide is depressing enough without tying in the concept of another terminal disease :)

*tl;dr: How long must a problem persist to no longer be seen as "temporary"?*Suicide need not be a selfish actWon't we all die eventually anyway?Regardless of what you believe comes after death, we all know that eventually, someday, we will die. In 100 years, over 99.99&#37;(something like that) of all the people living on this world right now will be dead, including all of a suicidal person's relatives that will be old enough to remember them. 

Generally we tend to view avoiding/delaying something inevitable as foolish or silly, and yet that's what we spend our whole lives doing.I don't want to live to 30.Next Tuesday, on the 23rd I will be 26. I have failed at life, and feel like a lazy waste using up space. I went to college and majored in history just because it was the easiest thing to do. Never really had any drive for anything, just figured it would be the easiest route to take so I could at least get a degree and have plenty of time for video games!

Nothing makes me truly happy. I can never been an adult and have a career and family. I don't think I really want to. Since I graduated four years ago I did not work for one year, worked for one at a K-Mart, and have worked for two as a paraeducator. Basically an aide in a classroom who stands around doing nothing and only occasionally helps. I did want to used to be a teacher, but I can't find the motivation anymore.

It's helpless. Kids will never listen to me. I was enrolled in a master's program but dropped out two years in a row. I'm not motivated to do anything in my life, I just want it to be over. Before I turn 30 I just want to acquire some fentanyl (not sure how to spell it) or anything else that will make me go out peacefully. I want to be in the woods while I do it and look at a sunset, and that will be it.

I've been wanting to do this for a long time, since high school. I never felt like I was right for life. And now I just can't make it as an adult. For three years the amount of money I earned was $10K, $11K, and now $15K. That's a failure of an adult. I just toss responsibilities away. The only things I've been living for my whole life are Star Wars and video games, neither of which make me happy and even mean anything. Are some people immune to suicide?Was thinking about how people are driven to suicide largely because of pain (in any form), loss of worth/purpose, etc.

I've seen the following a lot: someone is suicidal, and the only reason they don't do it is because of their child (other reasons for other people, but children seem to be a common reason to stay); many say "I could never do that to my child". Of course, some parents do commit suicide. Now, those parents that do so, I would guess, hate the idea of doing so but see no other option.

My question is for those that do stick around for whatever reason, is it because of their dedication to their reason to live, or because they haven't experienced enough pain? Obviously "enough pain" to kill oneself varies, but I'm curious if, theoretically, anyone can be pushed to suicide (even those who say something like they could never do it because of ___). 

If someone is completely on fire, and has a gun next to himself, I'd guess most people would pull the trigger to end the pain. By extending that logic, there is some level of pain that would lead nearly anyone to kill himself, right?

Thus, when people say, "I could never kill myself", is that because they haven't yet reached their threshold of pain? In other words, is anyone truly immune to suicide? Obviously people suffer through some horrible stuff and live, but I wonder how much is due to outlook/the person himself vs. not having reached his threshold.The thought of death brings emotional comfortI'm reading an article on the last words of death row inmates, and to my surprise, I learned that past studies have shown that as people contemplate death, they begin to use more emotionally positive language and express feelings of gratitude and affection.

"...researchers have conducted content analyses of suicide notes and other writings left behind after suicides (e.g., diaries, poetry) reported that the emotional content of 165 analyzed suicide notes was surprisingly positive and contained expressions of gratitude and affection. Similarly, research has shown that notes from completed suicides contained more positive emotional language than notes from attempted suicides  and that writings that occurred temporally closer to death were higher in positive emotional language use." 

http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.01985/full

This goes against other popular beliefs that I've seen spread around social media stating that gratitude and connection with others leads to a happier life, and might show that the common practice of trying to instill gratitude or make people feel connected when comforting those contemplating suicide might be ineffective if those thoughts already exist, or more effective if it takes the place of suicidal ideation as a trigger to cause those thoughts. I'm not sure, and would love to hear more about this as a consideration for how to treat people suffering from suicidal thoughts.

Furthermore, I think this signals that suicidal ideation could be a form of emotional coping mechanisms that perhaps spiral out of control with frequent use. Sort of the way that obsessive-compulsive thoughts work, with people suffering from suicidal ideation becoming fixated on the idea of suicide because of the emotional relief that it triggers. If so, maybe treatment for suicidal thoughts needs to focus on the disruption of those thought patterns and healthy substitutions for emotional coping mechanisms, rather than depression and the causes of depression.

I don't know, what do you guys think? It'd be great to hear from people who know more.Why South Koreans are killing themselves in droves: Suicide represents the na ions fourth leading cause of death. Cultural mores offer an explanation why.Suicide is a gender issue that can no longer be ignored - Suicide rates among men have risen again. It's time to address the root causes of men's depression and inability to talkWhy are all the reasons that people give to live emotional?If you talk to many people on the internet or in real life why you shouldn't kill yourself 90-95% of people will give emotional responses.

"It's the easy way out"

"It's the most selfish thing you can do"

"your life isn't your own"


For a race that calls itself intelligent, many have difficulties justifying why people should live? This alone tells me that life itself really isn't worth it at all.

If you told a kid the only reason he shouldn't drop out is because it's selfish and that his parents have invested in him, many would agree that is a bad reason to take school seriously. Instead people would say that you need to show him how much more difficult life without a HS diploma is.

Yet when it comes to life, all the reasons are emotional blackmail.

Impact of access to information In 2010 when I was in fifth grade I googled “how to commit suicide” and got a page of “don’t do it” followed by Wikipedia type articles on methods with little instruction. Of course I failed twice. Now I searched it 2 seconds ago (to prove my point not so I could kms) and found tons of helpful instructions.

I wonder if this access to information has a hand in higher suicide rates. IIRC the % of people who have attempted at least once in their lifetimes (self reported, not hospitalization data etc) has stayed at around 2-7% for the past 20 years or so but the rate of fatalities has gone up 30%. I also recall that in the 90s or so it was reported that 4% of suicide attempts caused death and then in the 2000s it was reported at 10%. I’m sure it’s probably something like 20% now. 

Especially since the biggest increases are in kids and teens who would have had the hardest time getting this info before they all got smartphones. I mean seriously in elementary if I was suicidal I would cross the street without looking or roll down the steps. Now my younger siblings who are in elementary showed me a song they found on YouTube called “how to tie a noose.” (They’re not suicidal, they are edgy and watched it along with Rucka Ali and Bart Baker).